{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
\cocoascreenfonts1{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12240\viewh12780\viewkind1
\pard\tx0\tx0\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 GOLDBERGONZI  \
\
(The film begins from the sharply drawn point of view of the camera--looking, from the back of a theater, at the middle of a stage.) \
\
(The curtain is drawn, the "show" is about to begin; the audience is in their seats, relatively silent, waiting.) \
\
(Then, the tiny figure of MICHAEL ROZEK--the camera is so very far away from him, from his face--emerges from behind the curtain; he sits down, center stage, casually, his legs hanging over its edge.) \
\
(He speaks to the audience, by looking at and reading from a teleprompter--\
positioned in the middle distance before him. The words on the teleprompter simultaneously appear on a large video screen above him, so the audience in the theater--and, the viewers of the film--can also 
\i read
\i0  what they are hearing him 
\i say
\i0 .)\
\
(To reiterate: he is like a 
\i dot
\i0  on the stage. In contrast, above him, his words on the  video screen are hugely visible.) \
\
ROZEK: Normally, right now, it would be time to say my name. Like, "I'm-----." \
\
But if I told you my name, what would that matter? Would it add anything to your life?\
\
(Pause.)\
\
I 
\i appreciate
\i0  being able to come out here, and sit down in front of you, and talk to you. Because I'm the guy that one day, a while ago, all alone, in my mind, thought this whole evening up, and persevered until it finally happened.  \
\
(Pause.)\
\
There's something that I want to know. What I want to know is\'85\
\
(Pause.)\
\
Can two musicians, playing as a duo\'85alone together...just the two of them\'85become 
\i one
\i0 ?\
\
(Pause.)\
\
In a little while, Jerry Bergonzi, the great American jazz saxophonist--I mean, you can look him up online and everything--is going to walk on this stage. \
\
(ROZEK, with a wave of his hand, indicates, behind him, the stage.)   \
\
2\
\
Some months ago, I emailed Jerry the same question I just asked you. I wrote him, "Can two musicians, playing as a duo, alone together, just the two of them\'85become \

\i one
\i0 ?" \
\
He wrote back, "Where does it come from?"\
\
(Pause.)\
\
And then: "How much mind is involved?" \
\
(Pause.)\
\
And then: "Where do inspiration and intuition come from?" And then, he wrote\'85\
\
(Pause.)\
\
"Total metaphysics." And then he signed his email: "Jerry." \
\
(Pause.)\
\
In this world now, where music is so important to all of us, where we have such \
unlimited access to it, where we take it so much for granted\'85\
\
Where we don't 
\i think
\i0  much about it, because we are so busy just...
\i consuming
\i0  it\'85\
\
(Pause.)\
\
We 
\i don't
\i0  ask, "Where does it come from?"\
\
(Pause.)\
\
Or, "How much mind is involved?"\
\
(Pause.)\
\
Or, "Where do inspiration and intuition come from?" \
\
(Pause.)\
\
When we go to a concert, we don't sit there and think\'85\
\
(Pause.)\
\
\
3\
\
"Total metaphysics."\
\
(Pause.)\
\
In a little while, Aaron Goldberg, the great American jazz pianist--I mean, you can look\
him up online and everything--is going to walk on this stage. \
\
(ROZEK, with a wave of his hand, indicates, behind him, the stage.)\
\
After I heard from Jerry, I called Aaron, and asked him the same question: "Can two \
musicians, playing as a duo, alone together, just the two of them\'85become 
\i one
\i0 ?"\
\
And he said--I took notes, as best I could, during the phone call:\
\
"You want to make a film about that? What a beautiful idea! For sure, it's real that two can become one in that way\'85Things start to happen in the subconscious, and the two subconsciouses coordinate their activity, below our awareness. Because in jazz, it's improvised music--with all the decision-making happening much too fast for 
\i conscious
\i0  control. So, you let go, and then your subconscious rules, and it says, ' One.'"\
\
(Pause.)\
\
I'll let what Aaron said sink in\'85\
\
(GOLDBERG's words freeze--for a minute or so--on the video screen. Then ROZEK \
continues.)\
\
This is the thing about Jerry Bergonzi and Aaron Goldberg. When Aaron was about \
sixteen or seventeen, and Jerry was about forty, Jerry was Aaron's teacher. Aaron \
took lessons from Jerry. Jerry taught Aaron about jazz, about music. So, they have that in common\'85\
 \
(Pause.)\
\
On the telephone, Aaron said to me: "Jerry and I have a common 
\i language
\i0 ."\
\
(Pause.)\
\
And, at one point, I emailed Jerry about the idea of he and Aaron playing together\'85\
\
(Pause.)\
\
And Jerry emailed back, "Aaron is 
\i perfect
\i0 ."\
\
4\
\
(Pause.)\
\
And, here's 
\i another
\i0  thing\'85\
\
(Pause.)\
\
When I first started talking to Jerry and Aaron about this night, and the film that is being \
made of it, here, right now\'85\
\
They told me they hadn't played together in about twenty years. \
\
So I asked Aaron, "Well, if you both came into the film not having played together in twenty years...do you think, under those circumstances, you could still walk on a stage and play\'85as one?"\
\
And he said, "Well, it would be a little 
\i easier
\i0  if we could play a bunch of gigs beforehand\'85"\
\
And I asked, "But what if that wasn't possible?"\
\
And he was quiet.\
\
And then he said: "We could 
\i still
\i0  do it."\
\
He said that he and Jerry could still play\'85\
\

\i As
\i0  
\i one
\i0 .\
\
Now, as it turns out, things worked out so that Aaron and Jerry\'85\
\

\i Did
\i0  do a little tour, in the days leading up to this moment. \
\
So, the idea of their playing as one\'85\
\
The idea of their playing as one...\
\
(Pause.)\
\
Why should any of us 
\i care
\i0  if they 
\i can
\i0  play as one, or 
\i do
\i0  play as one, or\'85\
\
(Pause.) \
\
Like\'85in marriage.\
\
5\
\
Marriage, in which two become one flesh\'85\
\
Until death parts them. \
\
(Pause.)\
\
I've been listening to jazz\'85\
\
My whole life.\
\
I've had to put up with people hating the music, not understanding it\'85\
\
But tonight, when you hear the music broken down to a simple equation\'85\
\
Of two becoming one\'85\
\
Maybe you will begin to understand. \
\
That's what it's always about on the bandstand, you know, when jazz musicians are up there, playing in the moment\'85\
\
As my mother always used to say, "Understanding is the key."\
\
(Pause.)\
\
Here's the funny thing. I don't know how all of this\'85this night, this concert, this film,\

\i began
\i0 \'85 \
\
Where did the idea for it come from, such that I would end up passing it along, tonight, to 
\i you
\i0 ?\
\
(Pause.)\
\
I asked Jerry and Aaron to, tonight...play songs. \
\
Familiar songs, ones you will recognize in memory and in the present\'85\
\
So that, when they improvise on the 
\i melodies
\i0  of these songs\'85\
\
You will be able to understand what they are doing.\
\
So, it's going to be\'85\
\
\
6\
\
"The Star-Spangled Banner."\
\
"Night and Day."\
\
"Body and Soul."\
\
"O Sole Mio."\
\
"April in Paris."\
\
\'93Jesu, Joy of Man\'92s Desiring.\'94\
\
And\'85\
\
"Amazing Grace."\
\
(Pause.)\
\
(ROZEK gets up on his feet, and walks off the stage--to his stage right.)\
\
(Hard cut to black; one second of black.)\
\
(Hard cut to next scene. The camera is now right in front of the curtain, and the curtain\
opens.)  \
\
(AARON GOLDBERG is seated at a grand piano. JERRY BERGONZI is standing nearby, to the piano's left, holding a saxophone.)\
\
(The two begin to play "The Star-Spangled Banner"--and then, all the songs ROZEK listed, one flowing into the next, with no breaks between.) \
\
(Onscreen, the entire time, the two musicians are framed in an unchanging, single shot; the camera never moves.)\
\
(After 75 minutes, they finish playing "Amazing Grace," and bow to the--cheering-- audience.)\
\
(It's clear that, for 75 minutes, the two musicians were\'85one.)\
\
(The audience finally subsides, and begins to leave the theater. GOLDBERG and \
BERGONZI are still framed in the same shot--they look at the camera, seemingly waiting for something or someone.)\
\
\
7\
\
(ROZEK then walks into the shot from his stage right, carrying a painter's easel and two large signs--we can see that something is written on the signs, but we can't read it. He sets up the easel in front of the piano, places the two signs on the easel--we still\
can't read what's written on them--and walks off the stage to his stage left.)\
\
(GOLDBERG and BERGONZI walk over to the easel and pick up the signs. They \
hold them up to the camera.) \
\
(GOLDBERG is holding a sign that reads, "GOLDBERG." BERGONZI is holding a sign\
that reads, "BERGONZI.")\
\
(GOLDBERG and BERGONZI place the signs on the easel in such a way that they \
overlap, and spell out the word "GOLDBERGONZI.")\
\
(The camera holds on this word as the credits roll.)\
\
(When the credits end, it lingers on the word for another two seconds; then, hard cut to black.)\
\
  \
                                                                      ---\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
 }  0f0	
7B
00d1 