{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\uc1 \deff4\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\upr{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset256\fprq2{\*\panose 00020206030504050203}Times New Roman{\*\falt Times New Roman};}{\f4\fnil\fcharset256\fprq2{\*\panose 00020005000000000000}Times{\*\falt Times New Roman};}}{\*\ud{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset256\fprq2{\*\panose 00020206030504050203}Times New Roman{\*\falt Times New Roman};}{\f4\fnil\fcharset256\fprq2{\*\panose 00020005000000000000}Times{\*\falt Times New Roman};}}}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f4\lang2057\cgrid \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}}{\info{\title BESM d20: Anime Role-Player\'d5s Handbook}{\author Mark C. MacKinnon}{\operator Mark C. MacKinnon}{\creatim\yr2003\mo6\dy21\hr19\min51}{\revtim\yr2003\mo7\dy9\hr21\min33}{\version6}{\edmins2}{\nofpages4}{\nofwords1058}{\nofchars6036}{\*\company Guardians Of Order, Inc.}{\nofcharsws7412}{\vern16561}}\margl1440\margr1440 \ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\hyphcaps0\formshade\horzdoc\dgmargin\dghspace180\dgvspace180\dghorigin1440\dgvorigin1440\dghshow0\dgvshow0\jexpand\viewkind1\viewscale125\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\splytwnine\ftnlytwnine\htmautsp\nolnhtadjtbl\useltbaln\alntblind\lytcalctblwd\lyttblrtgr\lnbrkrule \fet0\sectd \linex0\endnhere\sectdefaultcl {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \fi360\sa120\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f4\lang2057\cgrid {Anime d20 \emdash  System Reference Document v1.0\par A d20 System Licensed Product.\par }\pard \qj\fi360\sa120\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {This publication is designated as Open Game Content }{\cf1 and is licensed for public use under the terms of the Open Game License v1.0.\par }{'d20 System' and the 'd20 System' logo are Trademarks owned by Wizards of the Coast and are used according to the terms of the d20 System License version 1.0.  A copy of this License can be found at www.wizards.com.}{\cf1 \par }{\cf1 Chapter 3: Abilities\par }\pard \fi360\sa120\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {Step 3: Generate Ability Scores\par A character\rquote s core, base abilities are determined by six values known as Ability Scores. These values describe the character\rquote s innate, natural aptitude at interacting with the world. The six Ability Scores are:\par Strength (Str)\par Dexterity (Dex)\par Constitution (Con)\par Intelligence (Int)\par Wisdom (Wis)\par Charisma (Cha)\par The values of these abilities range from 0 to infinity, with a normal human range from 3 to 18. The normal human maximum is 24, but superhuman or supernatural characters may have higher ratings. A value of none for an Ability Score, which is different from 0, is a special case appropriate for specific character ideas. \par Establishing Ability Scores\par Determine your character\rquote s Ability Scores as outlined in the PHB.\par Ability Score Cost\par Abilities cost a number of Character Points equal to half the value of the Ability Score (round up), which are paid for by the character\rquote s starting discretionary Character Points. Players may choose to modify the character\rquote s generated Ability Scores up or down by increasing or decreasing the number of Character Points assigned to the Ability Score, on a 1 for 2 basis (1 Character Point equals 2 Ability Scores). If the power level of the campaign provides insufficient discretionary Character Points to pay for the Ability Scores generated by the players for their characters, players must reduce the Ability Scores to (or below) a value that they can afford with Character Points available.\par Zero Rating and \ldblquote None\rdblquote  Ability Scores\par It is possible for some constructs (including the Giant Robot class) or alien creatures to have a score of \ldblquote none.\rdblquote  None is not the same as a score of 0. A score of none means that the creature does not possess the Ability at all. The modifier for a score of none is +0.\par A character\rquote s Ability Score can never drop below 0.\par Str 0 means that the character cannot move at all. He or she lies helpless on the ground.\par Dex 0 means that the character cannot move at all. He or she is motionless and helpless.\par Con 0 means that the character is dead.\par Int 0 means that the character cannot think and is in a coma-like stupor, helpless.\par Wis 0 means that the character is withdrawn in a deep sleep filled with nightmares, helpless.\par Cha 0 means that the character is withdrawn into a catatonic, coma-like stupor, helpless.\par Ability Modifiers\par Each Ability has a modifier that is the number you add to or subtract from the die roll when your character tries to accomplish something related to that Ability. A positive modifier is called a bonus, and a negative modifier is called a penalty.\par Definition of Ability Scores\par Strength\par Strength is a measure of the character\rquote s physical power. Strength provides a modifier to:\par \bullet \tab Damage rolls in melee or unarmed combat or when using weapons that are Muscle Powered.\par \bullet \tab Strength-based Skill checks.\par \bullet \tab Strength checks.\par Any creature that can physically manipulate other objects has at least 1 Point of Strength. A character with no Strength score can\rquote t exert force, usually because it has no physical body or because it doesn\rquote t move. Such a creature automatically fails Strength checks. Note: since armour is handled differently in Anime d20 than in other d20 games, Strength always provides a +0 modifier to melee attack rolls (the \ldblquote to hit\rdblquote  roll), regardless of the character\rquote s Strength rating.\par Dexterity\par Dexterity is a measure of the character\rquote s hand-eye co-ordination, agility, reflexes, and balance. Dexterity provides modifiers to:\par \bullet \tab The character\rquote s Armour Class.\par \bullet \tab Dexterity-based Skill checks.\par \bullet \tab Initiative rolls.\par \bullet \tab Reflex saving throws.\par \bullet \tab Dexterity checks.\par Any creature that can move has at least 1 Point of Dexterity. A creature with no Dexterity score can\rquote t move, but if it can act, it applies its Intelligence modifier to Initiative checks instead of a Dexterity modifier (for example, an artificially intelligent computer that has no moving body adds its Intelligence modifier to Initiative rolls). A creature with no Dexterity fails all Reflex saves and Dexterity checks. Dexterity always provides a +0 modifier to ranged attack rolls, regardless of the character\rquote s Dexterity rating.\par Constitution\par Constitution determines your character\rquote s health and stamina. Constitution provides modifiers to:\par \bullet \tab Hit Points earned per Level (though the value can never be reduced below 1 \emdash  a character always gains at least one Hit Point per Level).\par \bullet \tab Fortitude saving throws.\par \bullet \tab Constitution-based Skill checks.\par \bullet \tab Constitution checks.\par Any living creature has at least 1 Point of Constitution. A creature with no Constitution has no body or no metabolism. It is immune to any effect that requires a Fortitude save unless the effect works on objects. The creature is also immune to Ability damage, Ability drain, and energy drain, and always fails Constitution checks.\par Intelligence\par Intelligence is a measure of the character\rquote s reason and ability to learn. Intelligence provides modifiers to:\par \bullet \tab The number of Skill Points gained at each Level (though the value can never be reduced below 1 \emdash  a character always gains at least one Skill Point per Level).\par \bullet \tab Intelligence-based Skill checks.\par \bullet \tab Intelligence checks.\par Any creature that can think, learn, or remember has at least 1 Point of Intelligence. A creature with no Intelligence score is an automaton, operating on simple instincts or programmed instructions. It is immune to all mind-influencing effects (charms, compulsions, phantasms, patterns, and morale effects) and automatically fails Intelligence checks.\par Wisdom\par Wisdom is a reflection of the character\rquote s willpower, common sense, intuition, perception, and life experience. Wisdom provides modifiers to:\par \bullet \tab Will saving throws.\par \bullet \tab Wisdom-based Skill checks.\par \bullet \tab Wisdom checks.\par Any creature that can perceive its environment in any fashion has at least 1 Point of Wisdom. Anything without a Wisdom score is an object, not a creature. Additionally, anything without a Wisdom score also has no Charisma score, and vice versa.\par Charisma\par Charisma describes the characters strength of persuasion, personality, and the character\rquote s appearance. Charisma provides modifiers to:\par \bullet \tab Charisma-based Skill checks.\par \bullet \tab Charisma checks.\par Any creature capable of telling the difference between itself and things that are not itself has at least 1 Point of Charisma.\par \par }\pard \fi360\sa120\widctlpar\tqc\tx1440\tqc\tx2880\tx4320\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {Table 3-1: Ability Score Value Descriptions\par \tab Ability Score\tab Modifier\tab Description\par \tab 1\tab -5\tab Inept\par \tab 2-3\tab -4\tab Infant\par \tab 4-5\tab -3\tab Child\par \tab 6-7\tab -2\tab Significantly below adult human average; youth\par \tab 8-9\tab -1\tab Below adult human average; teenager\par \tab 10-11\tab 0\tab Adult human average\par \tab 12-13\tab +1\tab Above human average\par \tab 14-15\tab +2\tab Significantly above human average\par \tab 16-17\tab +3\tab Highly capable\tab \par \tab 18-19\tab +4\tab Extremely capable\par \tab 20-21\tab +5\tab Best in the region\par \tab 22-23\tab +6\tab Best in the country\par \tab 24-25 \tab +7\tab World-class ability; maximum human potential\par \tab 26-27 \tab +8\tab Above human achievement\par \tab 28-29\tab +9\tab Significantly above human achievement\par \tab 30+\tab +10 (and up)\tab Legendary ability\par }} +\x3
ø0-