{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang2057{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.15.1503;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\b\f0\fs20 "All I want for Christmas."\b0\par
A Scaly Story by \b Llyander\b0 .\par
\par
***A comment from the Author: I once posted the first part of this story on a mailing list, the Herpetophile Mailing List I think it was, to get some comments on the way it was working out. People liked it. I was happy. A few weeks later, someone posted a story on that list. A story about a man who buys a plushie dragon. He STOLE my work, stole what I had written and used it for himself. If you see another story out there that's like this one, please just remember which one came first.***\par
\par
\par
I am not, by nature, a religious man. But that day, I found myself praying to God that I was seeing things, and that I hadn't just snapped under the stress of the holiday season. That was the day I saw a dragon.\par
        When I saw him, I was busy with the last throes of Christmas shopping. I don't believe in the thing myself, but society seems to expect that I at least participate in the feeding frenzy of consumerism that precedes it. So there I was, braving the crowds of Toys'R'Us four days before Christmas, fighting my way through crowds of screaming, demanding children and harassed parents, adroitly avoiding being trampled underfoot as Barney stuffies and Barbie dolls were swept from shelves, Teletubbies and Pokemon flying through the air as children demanded other toys at the top of their lungs. And then there was a lull, I had reached a quieter aisle... The board games. Few children now were interested in such archaic pastimes as Scrabble or Mancalla, why should they be when they have their Playstations and their PC's?\par
        That was when I saw him. He was laying on his side on top of a pile of boxes that were ready to be put out on the shelves. I found myself thinking he was awfully large for a shop like this, more like the kind of thing you would find at a carnival. He stood a little under four feet tall, his purple skin fashioned of that fake-effect scales fabric, shimmering softly in the light. His two eyes were glittering glass emeralds, his fabric wings were folded at an awkward angle, one of them trapped under his side. I walked slowly towards him, and as I drew closer, I noticed an odd little slit in the fake scales of his belly. I continued towards him, and as I did... He moved. I stopped dead in my tracks, rubbing my eyes. I looked at him again, my breathing a little quicker now as I got over the mild fright. But then I laughed softly at my own apprehension. He was probably some battery powered toy, the slit in the belly concealing the battery pack. I walked over and picked him up, setting him back on his legs. I noticed the paws had almost proper fingers, jointed so they could move and curl, and that the hind legs were long and thick. His long, spade-ended tail had a small plastic silver ring near the end and I could just make out something written on it. Leaning closer I read, "Amethyst."\par
        "Hmm... Must be your name. What on earth are you doing here though? The stuffed toys are two over." I ran my fingers lightly over his head, peering about for a price tag. Finally I lifted him up, peering under his tail. What I saw there made me drop that dragon like my fingers had been burned, backing away, "Now that is sick..." I murmured, staring at the thing as he lay on the floor, those glass eyes seeming almost disapproving now, "Who ever heard of an anatomically correct dragon doll?" What I had seen beneath that tail was a tight, almost flesh-coloured tailhole, and the soft bulge of a ballsac. That slit in his belly was definitely NOT for batteries.\par
        And then it moved. That wedge shaped head lifted and turned to look at me, "And who ever heard of a naked monkey wearing clothes?" It growled back, the voice a little muffled as the fabric muzzle shaped the words. "And a little less of the DOLL part. I'm all male, thank you." He struggled to sit up, finally levering himself into a sitting position, that plush muzzle now curved in an unmistakably mischievous smile. "Boo.\rdblquote\par
        I stared at him, looking around for the kid with the remote control. This had to be a joke\'85 Right?\par
"Uh-Uh, pally. No joke." It said, interrupting my train of thought, "There's no little kid with a remote control hiding in the next aisle and yanking your chain. There's just me, and it's not the power of Duracell batteries that's making me move, I mean... Do I LOOK like the Energizer bunny to you? Dirty rotten sell out that he is." He folded his arms, managing to look downright ferocious for a split second. I was still staring at him, my jaw hanging open, eyes wide.\par
        "I'd shut your mouth. You'll dribble on the floor and them someone'll slip and fall and you'll have a lawsuit on your hands."\par
        I shut my mouth.\par
"See? Isn't that better? Now... Let's start from the top again. Hi, I'm Amethyst." The dragon offered me a clawed hand to shake. As he did, I noticed that those scales were starting to look a little less fake, and that those glass eyes had lost some of their shimmer. There was an odd smell in the air as well... That leathery smell of new shoes, mixed with the scents of musk and spices., "Yes I KNOW it's a sort of girly name, but how else will you get the kids to buy me? You can't very well call me, "Gorefang" or "Render". Then only little boys will want me and I wouldn't last a year! I mean, have you SEEN what kids do to their toys?" He sighed, and then stood up, walking towards me. I backed away from him, and straight into another pile of boxes, tumbling to the floor with a crash.\par
        "NOW look what you did." Amethyst giggled. "Uh-oh. Company." And with that, he sat back on the floor, an unmoving little plush dragon doll. Seconds later, two of the staff ran around the corner to see me extricating myself from the boxes. I managed to mumble some lame excuses. Yes, I was fine.. No, I just hadn't been paying attention? The doll? Oh... Yes.. The Dragon... Is he mine? Well\'85 At that point, I SWEAR he bit my ankle, plastic teeth gripping onto my sock for a moment. "Oh! Oh yes, he's mine.. I'll just take him to the checkout." I scooped Amethyst up into my arms and beat a hasty retreat. As I walked, the little dragon snuggled against my chest, emerald eyes gazing up at me, "Mmm... You're nice and warm... You'll do just fine."\par
        "What do you mean I'll do?" I muttered in reply, taking my place in the queue at the checkouts, the young girl at the register looking harassed as hoards of screaming children ran through the store. Amethyst said nothing as I set him down in front of the girl. She gave me a momentarily amused look, then frowned as she realised there was no tag on him, no barcode.\par
        "Where did you find him?" She asked, a frown on her face.\par
"Over there..." I waved to the aisle, "He was sitting on top of a pile of boxes. I didn't see a tag on him."        \par
        She sighed, then called over a Supervisor. As they talked quietly to each other, Amethyst winked cheerily at me, returning to immobility as the girl's attention returned, "How does $29.95 sound?"\par
        I nodded quickly, just wanting to get out of the store before the dragon did something else that might arouse suspicions. I paid her, then snatched him and my receipt up before getting out there. I didn't look back till I was in my car, the doors locked. It was getting late and the parking lot was dark over here in this corner, the snow starting to fall all around once more. I turned to the plush dragon, who was sitting as innocently immobile as any toy on the passenger seat, "So what's your story?" Barely able to believe I was really asking this, the rational part of my mind insisting that this HAD to be some kind of trick or hallucination.\par
        \ldblquote Who says I have a story?\rdblquote  The lil plush dragon replied as he once again began to move, turning to face me. I felt my stomach lurch. This was definitely no trick or dream, \ldblquote I'm as clueless as you are in all this, pally. I just woke up on a shelf in that store one morning and that's all I know about it.\rdblquote  He shrugged, the shiny fabric of his hide crinkling with a soft rustling sound, that faintly musky smell of new shoes beginning to fill the car once more. A curiously pleasant odour, now that I thought about it.\par
        \ldblquote So\'85 What am I meant to do with you?\rdblquote  I managed to croak out. \ldblquote Do I treat you like a pet? Take you home with me and give you a little bed by the radiator?\rdblquote  I found myself being very grateful I lived alone. Wouldn't this be fun to try and explain to a lover or wife? \ldblquote Hi honey, I bought this talking stuffed animal at the store today and\'85\rdblquote\par
        The feel of my fly being pulled down jarred me hastily from that fantasy and back to the real world, staring down at the dragon who, while I was off dreaming for a moment, had scooted from his seat over to my own and was now in the process of trying to unfasten my jeans! I snatched him up, almost banging my own head against the roof of the car in shock, \ldblquote What the hell are you doing down there?\rdblquote  I blurted out, barely able to keep a tinge of hysteria from my voice. This was all getting way too weird FAR too fast.\par
        He gave me an odd look as I held him there, his gleaming emerald eyes looking somehow less glassy and more moist. He blinked slowly at me, and could it be his hide was getting somehow softer, more fleshy under my fingers, \ldblquote I was getting something to eat.\rdblquote  He murrrs, licking his lips with a long, pink and DEFINITELY fleshy tongue, \ldblquote I've been up on that shelf a long time now. I didn't think you're begrudge me just a little of all that tasty cum you've got down there.\rdblquote\par
        It took a moment for this to sink in. \ldblquote You want to suck my cock?\rdblquote  I blurted out.\par
        \ldblquote Well, I wouldn't have put it quite that crassly but yes, pally. I want to suck you.\rdblquote  He grinned, and in that moment, he ceased being a plushie and instead I was holding a small, but entirely real dragon in my hands, his body firm, yet soft, his clawed hands coming to rest on my wrists, his wings spreading out a little till they filled my field of view.\par
        \ldblquote What\'85 What are you?\rdblquote  I managed to whisper as he extricated himself from my grasp, settling back into my lap, and gazing up at me, his clawed hands reaching down into my open fly, stroking over the fabric-covered length of my shaft as his tail wrapped loosely about my thigh.\par
        \ldblquote I told you, pally. I don't really know.\rdblquote  His voice was soft and clear now, unmistakeably male, that musky scent rising strongly from him as he unfastened the button of my jeans and pulled them further open. My underwear was the next to follow, the fabric pulled back to expose a shaft that was despite my growing sense of unreality, beginning to respond to the continued stroking, \ldblquote I woke up on that shelf one day about three weeks ago and I've been there ever since. People have picked me up from time to time and then put me down. No-one wanted me, not till you. I could tell the moment you touched me. You're different from them.\rdblquote  He ducked his head down suddenly and a pair of soft, moist lips closed around the tip of my cock.\par
        Unwilling or not, THAT was impossible to ignore. My body arched, a soft cry escaping me as he suckled lightly, my shaft surging to full length in only moments under that kind of attention. I should have pushed him away, I guess, but for that moment, my hands stayed at my sides, paralyzed as my cock was gently nursed upon by a dragon.. A DRAGON of all things! Small he might be, but he had the scales, he had the wings\'85 I didn't really want to think about the rest with him so close to fairly tender parts of my body and it was kind of hard to think about anything but that mouth and Oh My Gods but he was talented! His long, slender tongue twined around my rigid cock, stroking at it, tickling the hair of my balls as he effortlessly took me deeper. I could see his little throat bulging as he took me in deeper, swallowing around me\'85 I didn't care anymore, my hands moved to his head, helping guide him as I started to hump up against him, jerking about in the front seat of my car as the dragon gave me some of the best head I'd ever had.\par
        I didn't even notice the shop had closed now, and that there were security guards roaming the car park, checking to make sure everyone had gone. All I cared about was that mouth, and the slow tightening in my balls as orgasm approached. He could tell I was close, could taste it in the increased flow of pre from my shaft, his hands moving down to my balls, fondling the heavy orbs as his wings flared out, covering my groin as his head bobbed back and forth now, loud sucking and smacking sounds filling the air as he worked at my flesh, his eyes closed, a look of concentration and delight on his scaled features. The end to all this was inevitable and it was only a few moments more before I couldn't hold back any more and the little (plush?) dragon was treated to what he wanted, a few spurts of hot, salty-sweet cum, jetting up into his mouth as I barely managed to hold back my cry of delight, hands tightening on his shoulders until I finally went limp, sagging back into the seat, gasping for breath.\par
        Amethyst, meanwhile, was sitting back on his haunches with a smug little look on his face, the dragon balancing on my thighs as he gave my cock a parting slurp from root to tip, drawing another soft little gasp from me, \ldblquote Ohhh.. Tasty.\rdblquote  He smiled up at me, \ldblquote I knew you were the right one to give myself to. You just smelled so RIGHT!\rdblquote  His tail wagged back and forth at that, for all the world looking like a happy dog for a moment. He leaned in and tucked me away again, refastening my jeans.\par
        I was slowly recovering by this point, sitting up a bit more in the seat when suddenly his head jerked round and he hissed out in alarm, \ldblquote Company!\rdblquote  Before flopping over in my lap and going still, just another plush toy once more. Seconds later, I was almost blinded by a light being shone into my eyes.\par
        \ldblquote There a problem here, Sir?\rdblquote\par
I went tense. Security Guard. Shit. \ldblquote Uh. No.. No.. I just dozed off for a moment there. Long night you see., planning what I was going to get the kids for Christmas.\rdblquote  I managed a little grin as I waved at him, \ldblquote I guess I should get going now, huh?\rdblquote\par
        The figure behind the flashlight went silent for a moment more. I couldn't really make out anything about him with that light directed on me, but in time he nodded, \ldblquote You have a good night, Sir. Drive safe, forecast says it's going to snow again.\rdblquote  The light withdrew and he turned, moving off back towards the store.\par
        I breathed a sigh of relief, reaching for the ignition and getting the car started, flicking on the lights. \ldblquote Are we going home now?\rdblquote  Whispered a soft voice from the passenger seat. I turned to look at the little dragon, his eyes glistening in the light as he gazed back at me, \ldblquote You're\'85 Not going to put me back in the store, are you?\rdblquote  For the first time, there was a hint of fear in his voice.\par
        I reached over and brushed a hand over his muzzle, \ldblquote No.\rdblquote  I whispered softly, almost surprising myself by saying so, \ldblquote No. You know why?\rdblquote  He shook his head, \ldblquote Because you, my little dragon, are all I want for Christmas.\rdblquote  I put the car in gear and drove from the parking lot, leaving the shop behind. We'd barely got half a mile before his hands were at my belt again. What HAD I got myself into? I had no idea, but I was certainly looking forward to finding out! \par
}
  \wrf30