{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fmodern\fcharset0 CourierNewPSMT;\f2\fmodern\fcharset0 CourierNewPS-BoldMT;
\f3\fmodern\fcharset0 CourierNewPS-ItalicMT;\f4\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww28520\viewh14540\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\fs48 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li1120

\f1\fs28 \cf0 \ul \ulc0 REMEMBERING AGATHA\ulnone \
\
Written and scripted by Emma Magenta\
\
\
TEXT OVER BLACK: 
\f2\b \'91PART ONE \'96 1978\'92
\f1\b0 \
\
FADE IN:\
\
EXT. 
\f2\b SUBURBAN STREET
\f1\b0 , CHRISTMAS EVE \'96 3 PM\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1120

\f3\i \cf0 A quiet Hills district suburban street, houses decked out with Christmas decorations.
\f1\i0 \
\
EXT. SUBURBAN STREET / TRAVELLING FORD FALCON 500\
\

\f3\i We see a couple \'96 SARAH TRUNDLE (38) is in the passenger seat and BILL TRUNDLE (40) is driving. Their daughter, AGATHA TRUNDLE (7), is in the back seat.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1120

\f2\i0\b \cf0 Location Description:
\f1\b0 A quiet Hills district suburban street
\f2\b \
Colour Palette: 
\f1\b0 Brick houses, dry green grass. Concrete grey. Christmas red and white, and blue bleached sky
\f2\b \
Dominant Props: 
\f1\b0 A Santa on the lawn. Christmas lights along the eves. Rudolph on the roof etc. A man mowing the lawn.
\f2\b \
Minor Props: 
\f1\b0 Door wreathes, verandah installations, decorations seen from inside the houses.\
\
INT. 
\f2\b FORD FALCON 500
\f1\b0 \
\
SARAH\
I sure hope the McGregors will be there?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1120

\f3\i \cf0 Bill looks over at Sarah and aggressively clutches the wheel
\f1\i0 \
\
BILL\
The McGregors? That guy never shuts up. No wonder his wife is always depressed; she\'92s probably got tinnitus.\
\
SARAH\
Well David makes me laugh.\
\
BILL\
Don\'92t I make you laugh anymore?\
\

\f3\i Bill looks over at Sarah with a face that demands an answer
\f1\i0 \
\

\f3\i Sarah turns away; Agatha interrupts -\'a0
\f1\i0 \
\
AGATHA\
Do you think Amber will be there?\
\
SARAH (Smiles)\
Of course she will be darling, you two have waited all year to see each other again.\
\

\f3\i Agatha smiles at her mother and looks down at the object she is holding \'96 an unusual hand-made porcelain Black Madonna doll.
\f1\i0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1120

\f2\b \cf0 \
Location Description: 
\f1\b0 Inside the car
\f2\b \
Colour Palette: 
\f1\b0 Brown leather, olive green exterior 
\f2\b \
Dominant Props:
\f1\b0  Clean, brown leather though out, crotched patchwork blanket over the backseat
\f2\b \

\f1\b0 \
\
\
INT. 
\f2\b THE HAYES\'92 FAMILY HOME
\f1\b0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1120

\f3\i \cf0 MARGARET HAYES (40) is fussing about her kitchen as a GROUP OF MOTHERS help her carry trays of food outdoors to an elaborately decorated Christmas table.\'a0\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1120

\f2\i0\b \cf0 Location Description:
\f1\b0 Kitchen
\f2\b \
Colour Palette: 
\f1\b0 Orange, brown, copper, avocado-olive, mustard
\f2\b \
Dominant Props: 
\f1\b0 1970's kitchen. Fridge, stove, cupboards, cookware.
\f2\b \
Minor Props:
\f1\b0 Plates of Christmas food covered in cling wrap and fly umbrella's. Small Christmas themed decorations and statuettes tastefully placed around.
\f2\b \

\f1\b0 \
\
EXT. 
\f2\b THE HAYES\'92 BACKYARD
\f1\b0  (Continuous)\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1120

\f3\i \cf0 The HUSBANDS stand around with beers and folded arms deep in discussion.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1120

\f2\i0\b \cf0 Location Description: 
\f1\b0 Hayes Back patio
\f2\b \
Colour Palette: 
\f1\b0 Red brick, bleached blue sky, dry grass
\f2\b \
Dominant Props:
\f1\b0  Macramet hanging ferns
\f2\b \
Minor Props: 
\f1\b0 Beer bottles with vintage labels. Esky filled with ice and drinks, kids soda, passion, fanta, ginger beer. Glass punchbowl filled with orange punch, chunks of fruit. The outdoor table with Christmas decoration centrepiece and snacks. Plastic table cloth. Ashtrays. Men smoking. 
\f2\b \

\f1\b0 \
\
EXT. 
\f2\b THE HAYES\'92 STREET FRONTAGE
\f1\b0  / PARKING FORD FALCON 500\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1120

\f3\i \cf0 Bill gets out immediately and slams the door shut like he\'92s trying to break it and walks off up the driveway. Sarah and Agatha follow after him holding hands.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1120

\f2\i0\b \cf0 Location Description: 
\f1\b0 Hayes front of house
\f2\b \
Colour Palette: 
\f1\b0 Red brick, grey concrete, dry grass green, simple veneer, stark sparse, bleak and empty
\f2\b \
Dominant Props: 
\f1\b0 The Hayes car in the drive or garage. 3 other cars parked in front of the house.
\f2\b \
Minor Props: 
\f1\b0 Hose curled up on the side of the house - sprinkler going on the lawn.\
\
INT. 
\f2\b THE HAYES\'92 LOUNGEROOM
\f1\b0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1120

\f3\i \cf0 The MOTHERS with food continues. A Christmas record is playing \'91Sleigh Ride\'92 by Steve Lawrence and Eydie Gorme\'a0
\f1\i0 \
\
(Doorbell rings)\
\
BARBARA ROGERS (36) Shouts\
Want me to get that Marg?\
\
(OFF CAMERA)\
\
MARGARET HAYES\
Could you Barb, thanks.\
\

\f3\i Barbara opens the door to greet Bill, Sarah and Agatha. She invites them in; Sarah and Barbara exchange a kiss hello; Bill walks past impatiently with beers in hand.\'a0
\f1\i0 \
\

\f3\i Agatha, sees the Christmas tree and presents underneath, including a CopperArt picture of The Madonna and Child. She looks down at her own Black Madonna doll and clutches her closely.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1120

\f2\i0\b \cf0 \
Location Description: 
\f1\b0 Loungeroon
\f2\b \
Colour Palette:
\f1\b0 Sun clock on the wall-this piece informs the colour scheme.
\f2\b \
Dominant Props: 
\f1\b0 Christmas tree with decorations and presents. Small, but intricate nativity shrine. Coper art Madonna and Child with votive electronic lights. Sofa set (velvet?) Patterned curtains. Record player and speakers, with records on display around. Large Australiana painting-well framed.
\f2\b \
Minor Props: 
\f1\b0 Stockings made from felt, and striped candy canes hanging from the fireplace, strings of cards bunting.
\f3\i \

\f1\i0 \
\
EXT. 
\f2\b THE HAYES\'92 BACK YARD                                                                                                          
\f1\b0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1120

\f3\i \cf0 A Christmas record plays \'91I Saw Mummy Kissing Santa Claus\'92 by Perry Como
\f1\i0 \
\

\f3\i Montage:                            
\f1\i0 \

\f3\i KIDS running around, playing cricket, playing totem tennis or in the cubby house; ADULTS chatting and laughing, helping themselves and their children to food.
\f1\i0 \
\

\f3\i Bill engages in an intense political debate with CARL ROGERS.\'a0
\f1\i0 \
\

\f3\i Sarah looks up from offering a dish to a guest, sees the McGregors step into the backyard.
\f1\i0 \
\

\f3\i DAVID McGREGOR and Sarah make eye contact.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1120

\f2\i0\b \cf0 Location Description: 
\f1\b0 The Hayes backyard
\f2\b \
Colour Palette: 
\f1\b0 Green dry grass, leading into the darker green of the bush out the back. Concrete white-grey
\f2\b \
Dominant Props: 
\f1\b0 Hills hoist, shed. 
\f2\b \
Minor Props:
\f1\b0  cricket stuff, totem tennis, sprinkler fun, team skipping.
\f2\b \

\f1\b0 \
\
INT. 
\f2\b HAYES\'92 KITCHEN
\f1\b0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1120

\f3\i \cf0 David finds Sarah at the kitchen bench, removing the greaseproof paper from a fresh plate of food. He strikes up a conversation, Sarah laughs.
\f2\i0\b \
\pard\pardeftab720\li1120

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
\
EXT. 
\f2\b HAYES\'92 BACKYARD
\f1\b0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1120

\f3\i \cf0 Bill watches from the patio Sarah and David laughing together, pops another beer.
\f1\i0 \
\

\f3\i (Continuous)
\f1\i0 \
\

\f3\i Agatha sees AMBER McGREGOR (7) and they run excitedly towards one another and hug furiously. They run-off hand-in-hand deep into the bushy backyard
\f1\i0 \
\
\
EXT. 
\f2\b FOREST ADJOINING THE HAYES\'92 PROPERTY
\f1\b0 \
\

\f3\i Agatha and Amber are walking deep into the forest. The Christmas lights and sounds of the party are faint in the distance
\f1\i0 .\
\
AMBER\
This could be a magical forest.\
\
AGATHA\
All forests are magical.\
\
AMBER\
True.\
\
Amber looks at Agatha\'92s statue\
\
AMBER\
What IS that?\
\
Agatha looks down at her prized possession protectively\
\
AGATHA\
My mother gave it to me. It was hers from when she was younger. She bought it while she was in South America.\'a0\
\
(Beat)\'a0\
\
She\'92s the Black Madonna.\
\
Amber is transfixed.\
\
AGATHA\
My mum said that she\'92s magical.\
\
AMBER\
Really?\'a0\
\
(Beat)\'a0\
\
How?\
\

\f3\i Agatha nestles into the trunk of a tree and tells Amber the secret story passed down to her by her mother about the Black Madonna.
\f1\i0 \
\
(ANIMATED SEQUENCE)\
\
AGATHA (V/O)\
A long time ago, in a century forgotten by us now, three fishermen found a Black Madonna in a lifeless river in Brazil. She was a small and beautiful statue, a black female figure resting on a crescent moon, but she was broken. So they fished her body out from the river first, then her head. When she was made whole, fish could be fished again in that river.\'a0\
\
(Beat)\
\
They say that the Black Madonna helps those brave enough to face and enter the darkness alone. She guides those through all the scary waters and swamps and rewards them with the light to see their way to the end. If they\'92re brave enough to make it to the end, the Black Madonna will help them find the missing treasure that they had forgotten they had lost.\
\
(END ANIMATED SEQUENCE)\
\
AMBER\
What missing treasure?\
\
AGATHA\
I don\'92t know. I guess you only get to find out if you\'92re brave enough to enter the dark.\
\
AMBER\
I\'92m scared of the dark. Are you?\
\
AGATHA\
I\'92m not afraid of anything\'a0\
\
(Beat)\
\
Except growing up.\
\

\f3\i Both girls laugh and Agatha lets Amber hold her doll, which Amber holds like The Holy Grail.
\f1\i0 \
\
AMBER\
I love her! Let\'92s collect some flowers for her.\
\

\f3\i The girls nestle the Black Madonna doll against a tree and bound off to collect flowers, leaves and pine cones to make a shrine around her.
\f1\i0 \
\
(PARTIALLY ANIMATED SEQUENCE)\
\

\f3\i A montage of the girls running free around the forest, afternoon sunlight shining majestically on their joy. The forest becomes filled with things from their imagination \'96 animated white paper horses, owls, falcons, lyrebirds, peacocks, curious people and characters. The sky gets darker as dusk falls, but the girls still play, oblivious. The Black Madonna glows supernaturally.
\f1\i0 \
\
(END PARTIALLY ANIMATED SEQUENCE)\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1120

\f2\b \cf0 Location Description: 
\f1\b0 The forest
\f2\b \
Colour Palette: 
\f1\b0 Afternoon glow, 
\f2\b \
Dominant Props: 
\f1\b0 Place for the shrine. 
\f2\b \
Minor Props: 
\f1\b0 Pine cones, leaves, little stones, nuts, feathers, little candles wrapped in metallic foil.
\f2\b \
\
Magical Creature#1 Owl- with Latex mask\
Magical Creature#2 Rabbit- with Latex mask\
Magical Creature#3 Lion- with latex mask\
Magical Creature#4 White Peacock
\f1\b0 \
\
DAVID McGREGOR\
AMBER! AGATHA! TIME TO COME INSIDE - NOW!\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1120

\f3\i \cf0 Amber\'92s father comes and grabs them both by the arm and marches them back into the party. As Agatha walks back out of the forest, her voice over starts \'96
\f1\i0 \
\
AGATHA (V/O)\
You only had to be around adults for a very short time to know that something happens to your magic when you grow up. Adults are so grumpy all the time and just too busy trying to control the world around them in an effort to sort out the chaos in themselves. It\'92s hard to watch.\
\

\f3\i Agatha clutches her doll and looks over her shoulder at the forest \'96 she sees the animated white horse standing amidst the trees, watching her. She sighs and turns back, returning to the party.
\f1\i0 \
\
EXT. 
\f2\b HAYES\'92 BACKYARD
\f1\b0  \'96 5 PM\
\

\f3\i Agatha walks back into the party and observes all the adults getting increasingly drunk.
\f1\i0 \
\

\f3\i Her voice over continues over the following slow-motion montage of events:
\f1\i0 \
\

\f3\i A parent screaming at SCOTT RUSHER for hitting a cricket ball through a window, JIM COHILL falls off a roof trying to do a stunt and his MOTHER screaming at him, IAN ROBERTSON gets a smack on the bottom by his Dad, MR. ROBERTSON, for knocking the table of drinks chasing MATTHEW PIPER.
\f1\i0 \
\
AGATHA (V/O)\
They can\'92t help themselves. If it looked like a fun thing to do, you could always count on a pestering force in the shape of a big human to squeeze the last droplets of joy out of whatever you were doing with a reprimand or a smack for giggling just a little too much at life.\
\
EXT. 
\f2\b HAYES\'92 BACKYARD
\f1\b0  (Continuous) (PARTIALLY ANIMATED SEQUENCE)\
\

\f3\i Agatha looks at her radiant mother who is still talking with David. Sarah morphs into an animated Bird.
\f1\i0 \
\

\f3\i Agatha looks at her father still completely absorbed in an intensely serious conversation with a group of men. She sees her father morph into a paper Wolf and all the other men too, growling and howling at each other.
\f1\i0 \
\

\f3\i Agatha then sees her father look over at her mother laughing with David McGregor. Sarah morphs in and out of her beautiful Bird self.
\f1\i0 \
\

\f3\i Agatha\'92s parent\'92s make eye contact with each other. Bill the Wolf growls at Sarah, which casts an animated bell jar to fall over her, trapping Sarah\'92s bird self.
\f1\i0 \
\
AGATHA (V/O)\
It\'92s like they can\'92t see how magnificent the everyday world is in every moment; too wrapped up in the crazy pursuit of I\'92m-not-exactly-sure-what. But I think it is for whatever is out of reach.\
\

\f3\i (Slow-motion stops)
\f1\i0 (END PARTIALLY ANIMATED SEQUENCE)\
\

\f3\i The party is back in real time as the sound of Al Martino on a Christmas record is drowned out by a sudden count-down \'96
\f1\i0 \
\
ALL\
Three, Two, One\'85 MERRY CHRISTMAS!\
\

\f3\i Everyone pulls a bon-bon. Then the adults are kissing and hugging and wishing each other Merry Christmas; saying their good-byes.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1120

\f2\i0\b \cf0 Location Description:\
Colour Palette: 
\f1\b0 Warmer interior, slightly garish. Early evening, indoor lights come on, christmas lights,
\f2\b \
Dominant Props:
\f1\b0  The christmas table, food has been eaten, shuffling woman clean tables, bringing desserts. Other food props etc.
\f2\b \
Minor Props: 
\f1\b0 Bon Bons, Christmas hats. 
\f2\b \

\f1\b0 \
\
INT. 
\f2\b HAYES\'92 LOUNGEROOM
\f1\b0  \'96 8:30 PM\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1120

\f3\i \cf0 Agatha sees her mother and father arguing as they gather their things to leave. Agatha continues walking through the house.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1120

\f2\i0\b \cf0 Location Description: 
\f1\b0 Hayes Lounge room evening
\f2\b \
Colour Palette: 
\f1\b0 Colours deepen due indoor lighting, lamps
\f2\b \
Dominant Props:
\f1\b0  Mess, chaos
\f2\b \
\

\f1\b0 \
\
INT. 
\f2\b HAYES\'92 HALLWAY
\f1\b0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1120

\f3\i \cf0 Agatha walks past ELAINE McGREGOR who is crying alone in the bathroom, slightly drunk and trying to clean her face before she leaves. She notices Agatha, who smiles at her.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1120

\f2\i0\b \cf0 Location Description: 
\f1\b0 Hayes Hallway - Bathroom 
\f2\b \
Colour Palette: 
\f1\b0 Hallway-creams, yellows, well lit, macramet owl on wall. Bathroom - Lilac, classic 1970's over the top feminine. 
\f2\b \
Dominant Props: 
\f1\b0 1970's bathroom. Toilet dolly covering funny rolls. Toilet mat. Hand towels with crochet around the edges. 
\f2\b \

\f1\b0 \
\
EXT. 
\f2\b FRONT OF HAYES\'92 HOUSE\

\f1\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li1120

\f3\i \cf0 Agatha, Sarah and Bill head for their car, Bill walking way ahead, filled with rage.
\f1\i0 \
\
SARAH\
You\'92re drunk, Bill!\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1120

\f2\b \cf0 Location Description:
\f1\b0  Front of Hayes house - evening
\f2\b \
Colour Palette: 
\f1\b0 Infused with Indigo light, Gregory Creudson style
\f2\b \
Dominant Props: 
\f1\b0 Christmas lights along the eve. Street lights. 1 front porch light. Internal car light.
\f2\b \
Minor Props:
\f1\b0 \
\
\
INT. 
\f2\b FORD FALCON 500
\f1\b0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1120

\f3\i \cf0 Bill sits in the car waiting for Sarah and Agatha to get in. He pulls away violently from the curb, before Sarah has her seat belt on. They drive away, tires squealing. Agatha sits in the back clutching her doll.\'a0
\f1\i0 \
\
BILL\
Are you trying to embarrass me in front of everyone? My God! You were all over him.\
\
SARAH\
We were just talking Bill!\
\

\f3\i Their arguing voices are muted as Agatha looks out the window, catching fleeting glances of her beautiful imaginary world of animals and fictitious creatures, waving at her from the forest.\'a0
\f1\i0 \
\
INT. FORD FALCON 500 / EXT. LOCAL SHOPPING MALL (Continuous)\
\

\f3\i Agatha\'92s voice speaks over the following slow-motion events:
\f1\i0 \
\
AGATHA (V/O)\
In my careful observation nothing brings out terrible behavior in adults more than when they decide they are in love with one another; and build a house with a family around that idea. That\'92s when adults really dampen not only their own joy, but everyone else\'92s around them. They just don\'92t have a clue or notice all the magic that is just pouring out around them, waiting to be felt. Instead they are too busy living for things due next Thursday.\
\

\f3\i From the backseat of the car, Agatha sees CHRISTMAS SHOPPERS in a mad dash to purchase last-minute gifts.\'a0
\f1\i0 \
\

\f3\i Agatha looks back at her parents who are still arguing. She sees her own reflection in the night-time car window and she trembles.
\f1\i0 \
\
(PARTIALLY ANIMATED SEQUENCE)\
\

\f3\i She turns to imaginary animal friends who are now seated next to her in the car, and warns them \'96
\f1\i0 \
\
AGATHA\
What you don\'92t know is that this (indicating towards Sarah and Bill, arguing) could one day happen to you. You could easily become an adult if you\'92re not careful.\
\

\f3\i The animals nod their heads, solemnly.
\f1\i0 \
\
AGATHA (Cont\'92d)\
I\'92m making a wish tonight to have no part of it. I will remain forever a child and be free from the terrible world of adulthood. I will be forever magical.\
\

\f3\i The animals hold her hand.
\f1\i0 \
\

\f3\i She looks down at her Black Madonna doll and cradles it closely.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1120

\f2\i0\b \cf0 Location Description: 
\f1\b0 Back of the Ford 500
\f2\b \
Colour Palette: 
\f1\b0 Night lights, flashing as pass under street lights and as cars go past etc
\f2\b \
\pard\pardeftab720\li1120

\f3\i\b0 \cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1120

\f2\i0\b \cf0 Character List\
\
Woman-\

\f1\b0 Sarah (Agatha's Mother) (38)\
Elaine McGregor (36)\
Margaret Hayes (37)\
Barbara Rogers (47) Is a very efficient woman. Conservative.\
Irene Robertson (30)\
Margaret Cohill (32)\
Joanne Rawlings (Mid 20's)
\f2\b \
\
\
Men-\

\f1\b0 Bill Trundle (40)\
David McGregor(37)\
Carl Rogers (47) Dominated by wife, escapes to hanging with the men. Weedy looking, balding, but of the opinion that Woman belong in the kitchen.\
Keith Robertson (32)\
Tony Cohill (35)\
Andrew Rawlings (Mid 20's)\
\

\f2\b Teenagers-\

\f1\b0 Wayne Schweber (15)
\f3\i \

\f1\i0 Lynelle McGregor (13) David's daughter from another marriage. Well kept beautiful hair, quite plain, awkard teenager, introspective, doesn't quit fit in with the family.\
Peter Rogers (16) Blond, mousy hair, flicked, skinny, high waisted jeans, tight T shirt with collar.
\f2\b \
\
\
Children-\

\f1\b0 Agatha Trundle (7)\
Amber McGregor (7)\
Lauren Robertson (6)\
Therese Cochrane (9)\
Rachel Robertson (9)\
Sophie Rawlings (3)\
\
Michael Rogers (11) Bit nerdy, doesn't quite fit with the boys\
Scott Rusher\
Matthew Piper (10) Robertsons foster child\
Ian Robertson (10)\
Paul Cohill (Twins 12)\
Gregory  (Twins 12)\
Jim Cohill (10)\
Ben Rawlings (Baby)\

\f2\b \
\

\f1\b0 Magical Creature#1 Owl- with Latex mask\
Magical Creature#2 Rabbit- with Latex mask\
Magical Creature#3 Mouse (?) with latex mask\
Magical Creature#4 White Peacock
\f2\b \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1120

\f3\i\b0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li1120

\f2\i0\b \cf0 Agatha-\
Colour Palette: 
\f1\b0 Colours of vibrancy and passion-toning in with her parents
\f2\b \
Costume: 
\f1\b0 Pomegranate print sailor dress, white collar, red ribbons, red tights, black patent leather shoes with buckles. Needs a pocket for lollies
\f2\b \
Hair colour: 
\f1\b0 Brunette
\f2\b  Style: 
\f1\b0 2 plaits, centre part.
\f2\b \
Props-Accessories: 
\f1\b0 The Black Madonna
\f2\b \
\
Bill (Agatha's Father)-\
Colour Palette: 
\f1\b0 Brown, grey, fawn, beige
\f2\b \
Costume: 
\f1\b0 shorts, and fawn shirt, grey and brown striped tie etc
\f2\b \
Hair colour: 
\f1\b0 Brunette
\f2\b  Style: 
\f1\b0 Tom Jones like
\f2\b \
Props-Accessories: 
\f1\b0 Brings Mateaus to the party,
\f2\b \
\
Sarah (Agatha's Mother)-\
Colour Palette: 
\f1\b0 Light colours, champagne, bone, ivory lace
\f2\b \
Costume: 
\f1\b0 Bohemian, yet mainstream-mainstream. Long, off the shoulder dress-see image.\

\f2\b Hair colour: 
\f1\b0 Dark Blond  Style: Classic 70's, flower in her hair.
\f2\b \
Body Type: 
\f1\b0 Refined, petite, like fine china\

\f2\b Shoes: 
\f1\b0 Strappy, heeled metallic sandals
\f2\b \
Props-Accessories: 
\f1\b0 Brings a trifle to the party. Clutch purse to match her sandals, glo mesh.
\f3\i \
\

\f2\i0\b \
David McGregor-\
Colour Palette: 
\f1\b0 Ivory through to browns
\f2\b \
Costume: 
\f1\b0 Tiki short sleeved shirt. Brown corduroys trousers.
\f2\b \
Hair colour: 
\f1\b0 Light brown, dark blond
\f2\b  Style: 
\f1\b0 Curly afro-Tim Buckly style. Short sideburn 
\f2\b \
Props-Accessories: 
\f1\b0 Guitar, with an embroidered strap\
\

\f2\b Elaine McGregor-\
Colour Palette: 
\f1\b0 Peacock blue,
\f2\b \
Costume: 
\f1\b0 Peasant dress, folky print pattern
\f2\b \
Hair colour: 
\f1\b0 Dark brown-black
\f2\b  Style: 
\f1\b0 Thick, heavy long, Hippy, parted in the middle 
\f2\b \
Props-Accessories: 
\f1\b0 Platform wooden healed sandels\
\

\f2\b Amber-\
Colour Palette: 
\f1\b0 Take from the subtle shades of Agatha's outfit
\f2\b \
Costume: 
\f1\b0 See Jodie pic, needs pocket for lollies.
\f2\b \
Hair colour: 
\f1\b0 Blond, white hair
\f2\b  Style: 
\f1\b0 shoulder length, free
\f2\b \
\
Carl Rogers- \
Colour Palette: 
\f1\b0 Pale blue safari, large pockets on the front, short sleeves
\f2\b \
Costume:\
Hair colour: 
\f1\b0 Big mo, brown
\f2\b  Style: 
\f1\b0 Weedy guy trying to look tough
\f3\i \
\

\f2\i0\b Barbara Rogers-\
Colour Palette: 
\f1\b0 Orange, browns reds\

\f2\b Costume: 
\f1\b0 Conservative, long frumpy tartan skirt, long blouse, lace embellishment, string of pearls. Wearing an apron
\f2\b \
Hair colour: 
\f1\b0 Reddish brown
\f2\b  Style: 
\f1\b0 pinned up or highly structured hair
\f2\b \
Props-Accessories: 
\f1\b0 Sensible shoes
\f2\b \
\
Margaret Hayes-\
Colour Palette: 
\f1\b0 Mustard-lemon
\f2\b \
Costume: 
\f1\b0 Conservative, matronly, organised, the Magarat Fulton look
\f2\b \
Hair colour: 
\f1\b0 Light reddish brown
\f2\b  Style: 
\f1\b0 flicked, shaped, constructed hair 
\f2\b \
Props-Accessories: 
\f1\b0 Oven mitts, apron etc, always carrying something 
\f2\b \
\
Location List\

\f1\b0 \
Pre arrival suburban st. scene\
Falcon 500 interior\
Porch-Backyard\
Backyard\
Backyard-forest cusp\
Forest\
Kitchen\
Lounge room \
Hallway\
Christmas shoppers-float-shopping frenzy Santa, stripmall e.t.c-
\f2\b \
\
\
2010
\f3\i\b0 \

\f1\i0 \

\f2\b Urban street, inner west\
Aerial View - Sydney\
Loungeroom\
Hallway\
Master Bedroom\
Kitchen\
Kitchen Installation\
Installation\
Front of Robert and Agatha's house\
Back Porch\
Children's Bedroom
\f1\b0 \

\f2\b CHARACTERS\
\
Agatha\

\f1\b0 \

\f2\b Agatha - #1 Housebound\
Colour Palette: 
\f1\b0 Grey, muted tones
\f2\b \
Costume: 
\f1\b0 Grey tracksuit pants, Bird in a cage tee shirt, Hoody Jacket
\f2\b \
Hair colour: 
\f1\b0 Brunette
\f2\b  Style: 
\f1\b0 barrette-toothed harelip loose functional bun, unwashed
\f2\b \
Props-Accessories: 
\f1\b0 hyper functional mode, no jewellery no nothing\
\

\f2\b Agatha - #2 Post portal with Cynthia's Lipstick\
Colour Palette:\
Costume:\
Hair colour:  Style:\
Props-Accessories:
\f1\b0 \

\f2\b \
Agatha - #3 Post portal dressed for dinner with Robert\
Colour Palette:\
Costume:\
Hair colour:  Style:\
Props-Accessories:\
\
Agatha's double\
Colour Palette:\
Costume:\
Hair colour:  Style:\
Props-Accessories:\
\
Robert - Work suit\
Colour Palette:\
Costume:\
Hair colour:  Style:\
Props-Accessories:\
\
Robert #2 - Home clothes\
Colour Palette:\
Costume:\
Hair colour:  Style:\
Props-Accessories:\
\
Cynthia\
Colour Palette:\
Costume:\
Hair colour:  Style:\
Props-Accessories:\
\
Hunter Cleveland (3)\
Colour Palette:\
Costume:\
Hair colour:  Style:\
Props-Accessories:\
\
Eli (baby)\
Colour Palette:\
Costume:\
Hair colour:  Style:\
Props-Accessories:
\f1\b0 \
\
TEXT OVER BLACK:
\f2\b  \'91PART TWO \'96 2010\'92
\f1\b0 \
\
FADE IN:\
\
EXT. 
\f2\b URBAN STREET, INNER WEST SYDNEY
\f1\b0 , DECEMBER \'96 3:33 AM\
\
(PARTIALLY ANIMATED SEQUENCE)\
\
An animated paper semi-detached house, on an inner city suburban street. It stands out amidst the row of ordinary brick houses decorated with Christmas lights and Santa paraphernalia. A beam of light from the sky shines down onto the paper house, as though something cosmic is happening to it. A distorted Christmas song plays faintly, mixed in with eerie ambient music.\
\

\f2\b Location Description: Urban st, Inner West Sydney\
Colour Palette: 
\f1\b0 Federation green, white, burgundy. Inner city brick, green hedges\

\f2\b Dominant Props: 
\f1\b0 3D paper house, which doubles as a mask\

\f2\b Dominant Props:
\f1\b0  One house ott (total bargain centre crazy), LED fairly light that defines the architecture and garden. 
\f2\b \
Minor Props: 
\f1\b0 Tasteful wreathes on the door. Donna Hey + Martha Stewart aesthetic\

\f2\b Lighting:
\f1\b0  Gregory Cruedson lighting from above.\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li1120
\cf0 EXT. 
\f2\b AERIAL, CITY OF SYDNEY
\f1\b0  \'96 DAWN\
\
AGATHA (V/O)\
The hardest part about being magical...\
\

\f2\b Location Description: Aerial view\
Colour Palette: 
\f1\b0 Drone footage see film notes\
\
Cut to:\
\
INT. 
\f2\b AGATHA\'92S KITCHEN
\f1\b0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1120

\f3\i \cf0 Agatha Cleveland (38) is dressed in old tracksuit pants and a well-loved T-shirt. She\'a0 is cooking breakfast while holding her baby ELI CLEVELAND (8 months) on her hip.
\f1\i0 \
\
AGATHA V/O (Cont\'92d)\
\'85is pretending to be ordinary.\
\

\f3\i Agatha\'92s son HUNTER CLEVELAND (3) enters kitchen holding a cup.
\f1\i0 \
\
HUNTER\
Can I have more milk please Mummy?\
\

\f3\i Agatha debates whether to put down the pan or the baby. She chooses the baby, putting him in his high-chair, and pours the milk.
\f1\i0 \
\
AGATHA\
There you go darling.\
\

\f3\i Agatha butters toast, plates the cooked breakfast, pours coffee. She places the breakfast and coffee on a tray as the voice over continues \'96
\f1\i0 \
\
AGATHA (V/O)\
But in spite of my best efforts, I became an adult.\
\
(PARTIALLY ANIMATED SEQUENCE)\
\
A bird flaps inside a bell jar that hangs from the ceiling above her.\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li1120
\cf0 (INSTALLATION SEQUENCE)\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1120

\f3\i \cf0 Agatha turns to take the tray to her husband \'96 she is confronted by a surreal obstacle course which she must navigate. The kitchen is filled from floor to ceiling with dirty plates, cups, saucers, cutlery, pots, pans \'96 an installation of domestic servitude.\'a0
\f1\i0 \
\

\f3\i While Agatha picks her path through the teetering crockery, her voice over continues -\'a0
\f1\i0 \
\
AGATHA (V/O)\
This was not my destiny.\'a0\
\
(Beat)\'a0\
\
Marriage \'96 Wife. Mother. Domestic Servant.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1120

\f2\b \cf0 Location Description: Agatha's kitchen\
Colour Palette:\
Dominant Props:\
Minor Props:\
\
Location Description: Kitchen installation\
Colour Palette:\
Dominant Props:\
Minor Props:
\f1\b0 \
\
INT. 
\f2\b LOUNGEROOM
\f1\b0  (Continuous)\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1120

\f3\i \cf0 Agatha must also navigate the lounge room, which is filled with an installation of toys and Lego, nappies and all the paraphernalia and imagery connected with raising a child.
\f1\i0 \
\
AGATHA (V/O)\
Children were something that happened to other people, folk not sure what to do with their hands or their lives and needed to have every moment taken up by unrelenting obligation.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1120

\f2\b \cf0 Location Description: Hallway\
Colour Palette:\
Dominant Props:\
Minor Props:
\f1\b0 \
\
INT. 
\f2\b HALLWAY
\f1\b0  (Continuous)\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1120

\f3\i \cf0 Agatha makes it through the domestic obstacle course, so far still holding the breakfast tray. Nervously, she walks down the hallway until she arrives at the master bedroom.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1120

\f2\i0\b \cf0 Location Description: Hallway\
Colour Palette:\
Dominant Props:\
Minor Props:
\f1\b0 \
\
INT. 
\f2\b MASTER BEDROOM
\f1\b0  (Continuous)\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1120

\f3\i \cf0 Agatha faces the final installation obstacle course where she must make it through the floor to ceiling arrangement of unwashed and washed clothes, some folded, some flung and others hanging.
\f1\i0 \
\

\f3\i The bedroom is darkened, blinds shut. Her husband\'92s face isn\'92t visible, just a silhouette of a man in bed.
\f1\i0 \
\
AGATHA\
Breakfast, Robert.\
\

\f3\i ROBERT CLEVELAND (40) sits up, still in silhouette \'96 he has a wolf head.
\f1\i0 \
\

\f3\i Agatha places the breakfast on his lap. He picks-up a piece of toast as if to inspect it. He sniffs it and then growls.
\f1\i0 \
\

\f3\i (OFF CAMERA, Eli cries)
\f1\i0 \
\

\f3\i Agatha runs terrified from the room.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1120

\f2\i0\b \cf0 Location Description: Master Bedroom\
Colour Palette:\
Dominant Props:\
Minor Props:
\f1\b0 \
\
INT. 
\f2\b LOUNGEROOM
\f1\b0  \'96 8.30 AM\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1120

\f3\i \cf0 Sitting on the couch, Agatha holds Eli, as Hunter plays with engines. Agatha idly changes the channel on the television \'96 a documentary begins and a female voice narrates \'96
\f1\i0 \
\
NARRATOR (V/O)\
Which is why, in early times, when a woman felt the onslaught of romantic love she would poison her lover to save herself.\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li1120
\cf0 (PARTIALLY ANIMATED SEQUENCE)\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1120

\f3\i \cf0 A paper cut-out animated wolf rushes with great haste through the loungeroom. It is Robert, late for work.
\f1\i0 \
\
(END OF PARTIALLY ANIMATED SEQUENCE)\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1120

\f2\b \cf0 Location Description: Lounge room\
Colour Palette:\
Dominant Props:\
Minor Props:
\f1\b0 \
\
EXT. 
\f2\b AGATHA AND ROBERT\'92S HOUSE
\f1\b0  \'96 8.45 AM\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1120

\f3\i \cf0 Wolf-headed Robert drives his car off like a madman from the curb.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1120

\f2\i0\b \cf0 Location Description: Front of house\
Colour Palette:\
Dominant Props:\
Minor Props:
\f1\b0 \
\
EXT. 
\f2\b MASTER BEDROOM WINDOW FROM THE STREET
\f1\b0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1120

\f3\i \cf0 Agatha watches Robert depart, as she holds Eli.
\f1\i0 \
\
AGATHA\
Farewell Robert, I\'92ll be the empty house, you can be the ghost.\
\

\f3\i She continues looking from the window holding her baby. Her DOUBLE appears next to her, looking refreshed and well-groomed. The Double puts her arm around Agatha and leads her away from the window, into the master bedroom.\'a0
\f1\i0 \
\
AGATHA DOUBLE\
Perhaps the most un-magical thing you can do is get married and have kids.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1120

\f2\b \cf0 Location Description: Master Bedroom window view\
Colour Palette:\
Dominant Props:\
Minor Props:
\f1\b0 \
\
INT. 
\f2\b MASTER BEDROOM
\f1\b0  (Continuous)\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1120

\f3\i \cf0 Agatha changes Eli\'92s nappy, then sits on the bed to feed him. Hunter runs a car along the bedspread patterns; while the Double sits next to her.
\f1\i0 \
\

\f3\i Both Agathas look at one another.
\f1\i0 \
\
AGATHA DOUBLE\
Nothing drags you into the ordinary world of adulthood quite like bringing all your ideals of love into the domestic sphere\'85\
\
(Beat)\'a0\
\
Trying to stuff the infinite into a box.\
\

\f3\i The Double touches Agatha\'92s hand reassuringly, then turns to look at the wall above the bed, where a Super 8 reel of animation is being projected. The Double narrates over the footage \'96\'a0
\f1\i0 \
\
(ANIMATED SEQUENCE)\
\
AGATHA DOUBLE (V/O)\
With the birth of a baby, your own childhood is forever surrendered. The fire between two lovers turns to ash. After the 145th nappy change and sleepless night, a new father becomes terrified of no longer being the prime focus; with a deep panic that they\'92ll never have sex again. The new mother is no longer the goddess of his temple, but a sleep deprived she-wolf ready to rip out the throat of anyone else trying to make her body theirs.\'a0\
\
(Beat)\
\
It starts there really, the separation. The need to cope with your new roles as Emperor and Empress to a kingdom that you accidentally started after nights of too much wine and deep kissing. You are no longer lovers, but business partners running a childcare centre.\
\
(Beat)\
\
But having children is such a beautiful nightmare \'96 they are the mirror that shows you how far you\'92ve gravitated away from your own sense of spontaneity and wonder at the world. Their very presence clips your freedom, as you maintain a constant state of hyper vigilance just keeping them alive. You acquiesce to the fact that your life, your choices are now inextricably linked to their needs and it will never be about you again for at least 20 years.\
\
Your own child has replaced the child-self that was once you. You die to yourself and yet, what a beautiful death\'85\
\
(END OF ANIMATED SEQUENCE)\
\
INT. 
\f2\b MASTER BEDROOM
\f1\b0 \
\

\f3\i Agatha sits on the bed, with Eli and Hunter asleep next to her. The Double has gone.
\f1\i0 \
\
(PARTIALLY ANIMATED SEQUENCE)\
\

\f3\i A wound opens in Agatha\'92s chest, an animated child-Agatha leaves through the gaping hole.
\f1\i0 \
\
(END OF ANIMATED SEQUENCE)\
\
AGATHA\
...and therein lies my tragedy.\
\
\
INT. CYNTHIA\'92S CAR \'963 PM\
\

\f3\i CYNTHIA HAROLD (38), Agatha\'92s best friend, is replying to Agatha\'92s voice mail on her car phone.
\f1\i0 \
\
CYNTHIA\
Agatha darling, it\'92s me. Got your message, I\'92m on my way with emergency cake and care package, put the kettle on.\
\
INT. 
\f2\b AGATHA\'92S KITCHEN
\f1\b0  \'96\'a0 3:20 PM\
\

\f3\i The kettle whistles, Cynthia picks-up the jug and pours hot water into a tea pot. On the table is the \'91emergency\'92 cake and care package of chocolate; the finest Earl Grey Tea (now open); and a copy of Sylvia Plath\'92s \'91Collected Poems\'92.
\f1\i0 \
\

\f3\i Agatha, sitting on a chair holding Eli, starts to get up to help Cynthia. Cynthia puts up her hand \'96
\f1\i0 \
\
CYNTHIA\
No, you handle the child, I\'92ll handle tea and cake.\
\

\f3\i Agatha sits back down and picks up the book.
\f1\i0 \
\
AGATHA\
Thanks for coming over.\'a0\
\
(Beat)\
\
We hardly speak at ALL now. He just goes to work, comes home, disappears outside and it\'92s like I don\'92t even exist.\
\

\f3\i Cynthia stares intently at Agatha to gauge if she\'92s ready for what she has to say.
\f1\i0 \
\
CYNTHIA\
I don\'92t believe in fairy-tale love and I\'92ve been telling you for years neither should you. It\'92s a myth and women are to blame. WE are the ones who invented romance and only so we could make men seem more interesting. You\'92re only in this domestic quagmire my darling because you believe in fairy tales.\
\
AGATHA\
If only I knew straight-off that the best way to keep romance alive is to never really get to know each other\'a0\
\
(Beat)\'a0\
\
Anyway, it\'92s not just Robert and me\'85\
\
(Beat)\
\
It\'92s just that I\'92m everything I vowed never to become.\
\

\f3\i Agatha\'92s voice whispers through all the rooms in the house, echoing \'93I\'92ve lost myself\'94.\'a0
\f1\i0 \
\
CYNTHIA\
Of course darling \'96 you failed to remember that falling in love is the first step on the path to self-extinction. And don\'92t get me started on kids.\
\
AGATHA\
Refunds for emotional disappointment should be a thing.\
\

\f3\i She leans over and puts Eli in the high-chair. Both women stare at him.
\f1\i0 \
\
AGATHA (CONT\'92D)\
And weddings should happen under water so the lack of oxygen can prepare you for your suffocating future.\
\
CYNTHIA\
Now there\'92s a small business idea.\
\

\f3\i Both women laugh
\f1\i0 \
\
CYNTHIA (CONT\'92D)\
Darling, this is why you\'85\
\

\f3\i Cynthia stops as if seeing Agatha properly for the first time since Agatha had her first child. She reaches out to hold her hand with deep concern.
\f1\i0 \
\
CYNTHIA (CONT\'92D)\
Hey, when was the last time you slept a full night? You look like a bag lady. Here...\
\

\f3\i Cynthia digs around in her handbag and pulls out a fresh tube of lipstick.
\f1\i0 \
\
CYNTHIA\
Keep it! Use it! I\'92m booking you in with my hairdresser, Joel. He\'92s freaking fabulous when you\'92re at an existential nadir.\
\

\f3\i Agatha tries to protest, but Cynthia raises her hand again to stop her. Cynthia dials her phone.
\f1\i0 \
\
CYNTHIA (CONT\'92D)\
Shh! I\'92ll mind the kids.\
\

\f3\i Cynthia gets up from the table while on the phone, making the appointment. She kisses Agatha on the head and starts to head towards the door.
\f1\i0 \
\
CYNTHIA\
Gotta run. It\'92s done. Thursday 11am. See ya darl. Love you.\
\

\f3\i Cynthia lets herself out. Agatha is alone in the house. She looks down at the book of poems in her hand and opens it. Eli reaches across from the high-chair, grabs the page she has opened to in the book and rips it out, crumples it, starts to chew it.
\f1\i0 \
\

\f3\i Agatha stares at the camera and then chucks the book on the table.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1120

\f2\i0\b \cf0 Location Description: Kitchen\
Colour Palette:\
Dominant Props:\
Minor Props:
\f1\b0 \
\
INT. 
\f2\b BATHROOM
\f1\b0  \'96 4:30 PM\
\
(PARTIALLY ANIMATED SEQUENCE)\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1120

\f3\i \cf0 Agatha is cleaning the bathroom and sees her reflection in the mirror. She stops and surveys her insanely tired face, seeing for the first time how much she has aged. She is staring intently, when suddenly her reflection morphs into the face of a Black Madonna crying blood.
\f1\i0 \
\

\f3\i Agatha steps back out of shock; her reflection returns to normal.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1120

\f2\i0\b \cf0 Location Description: Bathroom\
Colour Palette:\
Dominant Props:\
Minor Props:
\f1\b0 \
\
INT. 
\f2\b KITCHEN
\f1\b0  \'96 6:30 PM\
\
(PARTIALLY ANIMATED SEQUENCE)\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1120

\f3\i \cf0 Agatha is preparing dinner as Robert (with wolf mask) walks in from work.
\f1\i0 \
\

\f3\i A trail of the day\'92s dark contents from busy city courtrooms travels along behind Robert like a psychic ghost force.
\f1\i0 \
\
AGATHA\
Hi.\
\
ROBERT (Growls)\
Hello.\
\

\f3\i Robert opens the fridge and pulls out a beer and walks past her and exits through the kitchen door, onto the back porch. In silhouette, we see him light a cigarette.
\f1\i0 \
\
INT. 
\f2\b CHILDREN\'92S BEDROOM
\f1\b0  \'96 7:00 PM\
\

\f3\i Eli is asleep on Agatha; she reads a story to Hunter, tucked up in bed.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1120

\f2\i0\b \cf0 Location Description: Children's Bedroom\
Colour Palette:\
Dominant Props:\
Minor Props:
\f1\b0 \
\
EXT. 
\f2\b BACK PORCH
\f1\b0  \'96 7:20 PM\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1120

\f3\i \cf0 Robert is in silhouette on the porch holding a beer. He looks up to the moon. He hears a howl in the distance. He takes a long sip of beer. He then hears Agatha calling out.
\f1\i0 \
\
AGATHA\
Dinner is ready.\
\

\f3\i Robert places his head in his hands, sighs, gets up and enters the house.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1120

\f2\i0\b \cf0 Location Description: Backporch\
Colour Palette:\
Dominant Props:\
Minor Props:
\f1\b0 \
\
INT. 
\f2\b DINING ROOM
\f1\b0  \'96 7:30 PM\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1120

\f3\i \cf0 Agatha places the dinner plate in front of Robert who still has a wolf face/head. Robert and Agatha seat themselves at their small dining table.
\f1\i0 \
\
(PARTIALLY ANIMATED SEQUENCE)\
\

\f3\i Robert and Agatha sit opposite one another. The small table starts to elongate between them to suggest the gradual distancing between the two, during the following fantasy dialogue. Neither of them look at one another \'96
\f1\i0 \
\
AGATHA\
I\'92m leaving you.\
\
ROBERT\
Shall we watch The 7:30 Report?\
\

\f3\i Robert turns on the TV with remote form the table.
\f1\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li1120\sa240
\cf0 \
\
AGATHA\
You'll never see me again.\
\
ROBERT\
What\'92s for dessert?\
\
AGATHA\
You can keep the house.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1120\sa240

\f3\i \cf0 The table now swiftly returns to its normal size, Robert and Agatha are once more eating their dinner. The fantasy of separation over, they are back in the reality of their relationship.
\f1\i0 \
\
AGATHA (CONT\'92D)\
How was work?\
\

\f3\i Agatha\'92s face momentarily morphing into Sarah\'92s (Agatha\'92s mother)
\f1\i0 \
\
ROBERT\
Tiring. You wouldn\'92t understand.\
\

\f3\i Robert\'92s face momentarily morphing into Bill\'92s (Agatha\'92s father)
\f1\i0 \
\

\f3\i Robert changes the station on the TV. Agatha quietly gets up, clears the table and exits the dining room. She returns with dessert, which she silently places next to him.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1120

\f2\i0\b \cf0 Location Description: Dining Room\
Colour Palette:\
Dominant Props:\
Minor Props:
\f1\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li1120\sa240
\cf0 \
INT. 
\f2\b KITCHEN
\f1\b0  \'96 8:15 PM\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1120\sa240

\f3\i \cf0 Agatha stands at the sink, pulling on her rubber gloves to scrub the saucepans. Suddenly, she stops and lies down on the floor. She is crying.\'a0
\f1\i0 \
\

\f3\i Agatha\'92s Double sits in the corner of the kitchen watching her cry and talks \'96
\f1\i0 \
\
AGATHA\'92S DOUBLE\
You have wept for six years without knowing you\'92re doing it.\
\
(PARTIALLY ANIMATED SEQUENCE)\
\

\f3\i An animated blood tear falls from Agatha\'92s eye and travels like a river down her body and onto the floor, until the entire kitchen floor is covered. Agatha\'92s Double continues to speak \'96
\f1\i0 \
\
AGATHA DOUBLE (V/O)\
Hidden underneath layers of obligation to this domestic life is your fear of forever being alone.\'a0\
\
(Beat)\
\
Falling in love is a lot like being on acid and mistaking a burning fire for a blanket to warm yourself.\
\

\f3\i The river of blood rises at Agatha\'92s sides, threatening to drown her. Agatha stops crying and looks up at the camera from the floor \'96
\f1\i0 \
\
AGATHA\
I play that little game with myself sometimes, where I pretend someone else can fill the gaps in me, replace the broken pieces, but...\
\

\f3\i Agatha is suddenly interrupted by an unusual light source beaming onto her face (purifying her momentarily) and a strange sound, both coming from the dishwasher.
\f1\i0 \
\

\f3\i The light disappears, but the sound continues \'96 Agatha sits up to hear better.
\f1\i0 \
\

\f3\i Agatha crawls across the kitchen floor and opens the dishwasher. She pulls out the trays full of clean dishes onto the floor and peers in.
\f1\i0 \
\

\f3\i There is nothing but blackness.
\f1\i0 \
\

\f3\i Agatha crawls into the dishwasher, into the blackness, over forgotten cutlery and broken crockery.
\f1\i0 \
\

\f3\i Agatha keeps crawling, following the sound. She is suddenly surrounded by brilliant white light and caught by a swirling wind. She is sucked into a vortex.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1120

\f2\i0\b \cf0 Location Description: Kitchen - All about the Dishwasher\
Colour Palette:\
Dominant Props:\
Minor Props:
\f3\i\b0 \'a0
\f1\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li1120\sa240
\cf0 EXT. 
\f2\b A LARGE WATER CATCHMENT PIPE IN A FOREST
\f1\b0  \'96 3 PM\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1120\sa240

\f3\i \cf0 Agatha tumbles from the pipe, still in her tracksuit and rubber gloves, and stands up. Looking around, she realises this is the forest from her childhood.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1120

\f2\i0\b \cf0 Location Description: Water catchment pipe\
Colour Palette:\
Dominant Props:\
Minor Props:
\f1\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li1120\sa240
\cf0 \
EXT. DEEP INTO THE FOREST (Continuous)\
\
(PARTIALLY ANIMATED SEQUENCE)\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li1120\sa240

\f3\i \cf0 A white animated paper-craft pony appears at the end of a long forest pathway. Agatha hesitantly starts to run towards it, but it disappears behind a tree.
\f1\i0 \
\

\f3\i Agatha walks deeper into the forest. The pony reappears, leading her to clearing \'96 she sees her childhood friend Amber on a blue horse. Amber is still a child.
\f1\i0 \
\
AGATHA\
Amber? Is that really you?\
\

\f3\i Amber doesn\'92t hear, she is laughing with another girl who is on a golden horse. Agatha sees that it is her child-self.
\f1\i0 \
\

\f3\i Agatha falls to her knees in a kind of awe at these magical girls and their uninhibited joy.
\f1\i0 \
\
AGATHA (CONT\'92D)\
Hello!? Girls! Amber!\'a0\
\
(Beat)\'a0\
\
Agatha!?\
\

\f3\i Agatha\'92s child-self turns in slow motion and looks at her. They stare at one another for a moment.
\f1\i0 \
\
CHILD AGATHA\
Have you come to spoil our fun?\
\

\f3\i Agatha moves gently closer to her.
\f1\i0 \
\
AGATHA\
No, no, not at all\
\

\f3\i Agatha pulls off her rubber gloves.
\f1\i0 \
\
AGATHA (CONT\'92D)\
Actually, I would LOVE to play too.\
\

\f3\i Child Agatha views Agatha suspiciously while Amber holds Child Agatha\'92s arms and whispers in her ear \'96
\f1\i0 \
\
AMBER\
I think she\'92s one of us Agatha.\
\

\f3\i Child Agatha is still reticent, but cautiously invites Agatha to play with her and Amber.
\f1\i0 \
\
CHILD AGATHA\
Can you ride a horse?\
\
AGATHA\
I think I still remember.\
\

\f3\i Amber and Child Agatha smile and gesture for Agatha to get on the white pony (animated).
\f1\i0 \
\

\f3\i Agatha rides like a carefree child with Amber and Child Agatha through the forest on their paper craft ponies.
\f1\i0 \
\

\f3\i (The following montage will be in slow motion with music)
\f1\i0 \
\

\f3\i The magical creatures she saw as a child appear, they play, dance, roly-poly down hills and climb trees together. The young girls put a beautiful dress on Agatha and also some lipstick.
\f1\i0 \
\

\f3\i They run freely and barefoot through the forest until they reach a spot where Amber and Child Agatha stop suddenly and smile at one another. They whisper in each other\'92s ears for a moment, then agree on something. Agatha stands and looks at the girls, waiting for them to tell her what they are whispering.
\f1\i0 \
\
AGATHA (CONT\'92D)\
What?\
\
AMBER\
We have something very special, but super-secret to show you.\
\
CHILD AGATHA\
You must promise to keep it a secret.\
\
Agatha nods in agreement\
\
EXT. FOREST, BLACK MADONNA SHRINE\
\

\f3\i Child Agatha and Amber lead Agatha through the trees towards something glowing amidst the trees. Agatha sees that it is the luminescent statue of the Black Madonna, with a shrine of flowers beautifully arranged around her. The girls pick new flowers for the shrine while Agatha kneels before it in awe, the memory of her beloved doll returning to her like a beautiful dream.
\f1\i0 \
\
AGATHA (Whispers awe struck)\'a0\
I forgot all about her.\
\

\f3\i Agatha turns to look at the girls, but they and the magical creatures have gone. Agatha stands up.
\f1\i0 \
\
AGATHA (CONT\'92D) (Shouts)\'a0\
Agatha!\'a0\
\
(Beat)\'a0\
\
Amber!?\
\
(Silence)\
\

\f3\i Agatha turns back to the shrine, but all that remains is an arrangement of dead flowers, pine cones, leaves and a few broken pieces of the Black Madonna statue.
\f1\i0 \
\

\f3\i A wind picks up, carrying with it the strange sound she had heard in the dishwasher. Agatha starts to hurry through the forest, returning to the water pipe outlet. She sees the light coming from the pipe and runs towards it, diving through it.
\f1\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li1120\sa240
\cf0 INT. KITCHEN \'96 8:30pm\
\
(Silence)\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1120\sa240

\f3\i \cf0 Agatha is once more lying on the floor of the kitchen, staring at the ceiling.
\f1\i0 \
\

\f3\i She turns and looks at the dishwasher. She sits up, shaken, visibly transformed.
\f1\i0 \
\

\f3\i She bends down and looks inside. It is just an ordinary dishwasher again.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1120

\f2\i0\b \cf0 Location Description: Kitchen post Portal (how does this experience change the space?)\
Colour Palette:\
Dominant Props:\
Minor Props:
\f1\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li1120\sa240
\cf0 \
INT. 
\f2\b MASTER BEDROOM
\f1\b0  \'96 7 AM\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1120\sa240

\f3\i \cf0 Agatha walks into the bedroom, placing the breakfast tray on the bed next to Robert (in silhouette with wolf-head). Agatha throws open the curtains, letting light stream into the room.
\f1\i0 \
\

\f3\i Agatha is wearing lipstick, her hair is washed and brushed beautifully.\'a0
\f1\i0 \
\
ROBERT (OFF CAMERA)\
Why are you wearing lipstick?\
\
AGATHA\
Because I want to.\
\
(Beat)\
\
ROBERT\
Are you seeing someone else?\
\
AGATHA\
I don\'92t even see 
\f3\i anyone
\f1\i0 .\
\

\f3\i Robert can be heard eating his breakfast, as Agatha continues to look out the window.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1120

\f2\i0\b \cf0 Location Description: Master Bedroom (post portal - Cynthia's lipstick)\
Colour Palette:\
Dominant Props:\
Minor Props:
\f1\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li1120\sa240
\cf0 \
INT. 
\f2\b LOUNGEROOM
\f1\b0  \'96 8:30 AM\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1120\sa240

\f3\i \cf0 Agatha feeds Eli on the couch.
\f1\i0 \
\
HUNTER\
Mummy, can you draw with me?\
\

\f3\i Agatha divides herself and her Double starts to draw with him.
\f1\i0 \
\

\f3\i Agatha and her Double smile at one another.
\f1\i0 \
\
AGATHA DOUBLE\
You look great today, Agatha.\
\
AGATHA\
Thank you.\
\

\f3\i They smile again.
\f1\i0 \
\

\f3\i (The following sequence is with music)
\f1\i0 \
\
(PARTIALLY ANIMATED SEQUENCE)\
\

\f3\i The Double draws next to Hunter. He draws a tower and a ship. As the Double starts to draw, an animation of line drawing appears over Agatha seated feeding her baby. She gradually becomes The Madonna and Child and turned into an icon.
\f1\i0 \
\
AGATHA (Whispers as if making a prayer)\
Make my steps holy again.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1120

\f2\b \cf0 Location Description: loungeroom post portal transformation\
Colour Palette:\
Dominant Props:\
Minor Props:
\f1\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li1120\sa240
\cf0 EXT. 
\f2\b BACK PORCH
\f1\b0  \'96 8PM\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1120\sa240

\f3\i \cf0 Robert (still a hazy shaped wolf) is on the porch smoking, checking his phone, having a beer.
\f1\i0 \
\
AGATHA (OFF CAMERA) (Calling out)\
Dinner\'92s ready.\
\
INT. 
\f2\b DINING ROOM
\f1\b0  \'96 8:05 PM\
\

\f3\i Robert sits at the table and Agatha places his dinner before him. She is wearing a beautiful dress, similar to the one in which the girls dressed her in the forest. Robert looks at her and waits until she sits down.
\f1\i0 \
\
ROBERT\
Why are you wearing that dress?\
\
AGATHA\
Why are you wearing that mask?\
\
ROBERT\
What mask?\
\
(Beat)\
\
AGATHA\
Because I feel like it, that\'92s why.\
\
ROBERT (Chuckling confidently)\
You know, you don\'92t have to get all dressed up for me.\
\

\f3\i Agatha and the Double are both now seated at the end of the table, looking at Robert.
\f1\i0 \
\
AGATHA AND DOUBLE\
But it\'92s NOT for you Robert.\
\
(Silence)\
\

\f3\i Both Agathas and Robert stare at one another like it\'92s a stand-off. Robert eventually looks down and starts eating his dinner. Agatha and her Double smile at each other.
\f1\i0 \
\

\f3\i Suddenly a cracking sound echoes around the house.
\f1\i0 \
\
(PARTIALLY ANIMATED SEQUENCE)\
\

\f3\i An animated crack travels along the wall of the dining room and there is a rumbling of the earth.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1120

\f2\i0\b \cf0 Location Description: Dining Room post portal transformation\
Colour Palette:\
Dominant Props:\
Minor Props:
\f1\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li1120\sa240
\cf0 \
EXT. 
\f2\b OUTSIDE AGATHA AND ROBERT\'92S HOUSE
\f1\b0  \'96 8:15 PM\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1120\sa240

\f3\i \cf0 We see their paper house tremble and crack, it gets crumpled into a ball and then opened again. The mysterious external light source from the sky is shining directly down onto their house.
\f1\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li1120\sa240
\cf0 INT. 
\f2\b DINING ROOM
\f1\b0  (Continuous)\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1120\sa240

\f3\i \cf0 Agatha and Robert are clutching the table anxiously as the house shakes from what feels like a mini earthquake.
\f1\i0 \
\
(ANIMATED SEQUENCE)\
\

\f3\i The Bell Jar breaks in the lounge room and an animated bird flies out, free at last.
\f1\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li1120\sa240

\f3\i \cf0 Although slightly scared, Agatha\'92s face suggests she is excited that SOMETHING is finally happening to mirror her feelings.
\f1\i0 \
\

\f3\i Robert the wolf jumps to his feet, shocked.
\f1\i0 \
\
ROBERT\
What the hell was THAT?\
\

\f3\i Robert rushes to inspect the crack on the dining room wall that has suddenly appeared, muttering to himself and not looking at Agatha.
\f1\i0 \
\

\f3\i Agatha\'92s inner voice responds \'96
\f1\i0 \
\
AGATHA (V/O)\
That Robert, is the sound of our world collapsing.\
\

\f3\i Agatha remains silent and stays seated, strangely calm. She sips her wine.
\f1\i0 \
\
(Eli cries)\
\
ROBERT\
Do you even care what has happened to your dining room wall?\
\
AGATHA\
Actually, I\'92m more concerned that our child is crying.\
\

\f3\i Agatha gets up from the table and goes to check on Eli.
\f1\i0 \
\
INT. 
\f2\b HALLWAY IN AGATHA\'92S HOUSE
\f1\b0  - 8.30 PM\
\

\f3\i Agatha opens the door softly to the boys\'92 room.
\f1\i0 \
\

\f3\i She nurses Eli back to sleep. She tidies as she leaves; noticing a collection of dusty photo frames on the boys\'92 shelf. She picks one up of Robert holding Hunter and stares at it strangely \'96 a moment she had forgotten. She blows the dust off the frame, wipes it and places it back.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1120

\f2\i0\b \cf0 Location Description: Hall way post earthquake\
Colour Palette:\
Dominant Props:\
Minor Props:
\f1\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li1120\sa240
\cf0 \
INT. 
\f2\b KITCHEN
\f1\b0  - 9 PM\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1120\sa240

\f3\i \cf0 Agatha stands in the kitchen and looks at Robert out on the verandah, smoking. She takes a deep breath.
\f1\i0 \
\

\f3\i She walks towards his domain.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1120

\f2\i0\b \cf0 Location Description: Kitchen post earthquake\
Colour Palette:\
Dominant Props:\
Minor Props:
\f1\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li1120\sa240
\cf0 \
EXT. 
\f2\b BACK PORCH
\f1\b0  (Continuous)\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1120\sa240

\f3\i \cf0 Robert the wolf is sitting in the darkness in a cloud of smoke. He turns to see Agatha approaching.
\f1\i0 \
\

\f3\i A long, slow growl emanates from him.
\f1\i0 \
\

\f3\i Agatha bravely keeps moving forward, and reaches out her hand.
\f1\i0 \
\

\f3\i Robert\'92s growling becomes more pronounced.
\f1\i0 \
\

\f3\i She builds up courage and gently strokes the fur on his ears.
\f1\i0 \
\

\f3\i The smoke starts to part around his face.
\f1\i0 \
\

\f3\i His scary growl ceases to a silence.
\f1\i0 \
\

\f3\i Agatha is standing before him. She slowly removes his mask and we see the man Robert, for the first time.
\f1\i0 \
\
AGATHA\
Hi.\'a0\
\
(Beat)\'a0\
\
Remember me?\
\
ROBERT\
Hi.\
\

\f3\i They really look at each other.
\f1\i0 \
\

\f3\i Agatha gives him a gentle kiss.
\f1\i0 \
\

\f3\i Robert smiles and takes a drag of his cigarette.
\f1\i0 \
\

\f3\i Agatha smiles and gets up.
\f1\i0 \
\
\
INT. 
\f2\b DINING ROOM 
\f1\b0 - 9.15 PM\
\

\f3\i Agatha re-enters the dining room. She starts to clear the dirty plates on the table, then decides against it.\'a0
\f1\i0 \
\

\f3\i She walks over to the crack in the wall and kneels down, staring at this fracture with deep curiosity. She runs her finger along it, then suddenly stops, stands up and hurries from the room.
\f1\i0 \
\
INT. 
\f2\b HALLWAY IN AGATHA\'92S HOUSE
\f1\b0  (Continuous)\
\

\f3\i Agatha quickly walks down the hallway
\f1\i0 \
\
INT. 
\f2\b SPARE ROOM
\f1\b0  (Continuous)\
\

\f3\i Agatha pulls down the attic stairs in the spare room.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1120

\f2\i0\b \cf0 Location Description: Spare Room\
Colour Palette:\
Dominant Props:\
Minor Props:
\f1\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li1120\sa240
\cf0 \
INT. 
\f2\b ATTIC
\f1\b0  (Continuous)\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1120\sa240

\f3\i \cf0 She is rummaging through boxes in the attic, increasingly frustrated as she doesn\'92t find what she\'92s looking for. Then she remembers.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1120

\f2\i0\b \cf0 Location Description: Attic\
Colour Palette:\
Dominant Props:\
Minor Props:
\f1\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li1120\sa240
\cf0 \
INT. 
\f2\b HALLWAY IN AGATHA\'92S HOUSE
\f1\b0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1120\sa240

\f3\i \cf0 Agatha semi-runs down the hallway
\f1\i0 \
\
EXT. 
\f2\b BACK PORCH
\f1\b0  (Continuous)\
\

\f3\i Agatha bursts through the back door and runs past Robert who jolts up
\f1\i0 \
\
ROBERT\

\f3\i What\'92s wrong?
\f1\i0 \
\

\f3\i Agatha says nothing, running down the porch stairs to a cellar door.
\f1\i0 \
\
INT. 
\f2\b CELLAR
\f1\b0  (Continuous)\
\

\f3\i Agatha turns on the light in a tiny cellar; scans the room; opens a box; instinctively pulls out a suitcase from behind a cupboard. She opens it up and removes a few layers of precious fabrics \'96 and there it is. This is what she\'92s been searching for.
\f1\i0 \
\

\f3\i A tin.
\f1\i0 \
\

\f3\i Agatha seats herself cross legged on the ground and opens the tin. She pulls out one by one the precious objects from her past, including a piece of the broken hand-made porcelain Black Madonna doll, a part of her face with some of her veil.
\f1\i0 \
\

\f3\i Her body relaxes, her face glowing with exultation and joy, as she cradles this ancient treasure.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1120

\f2\i0\b \cf0 Location Description: loungeroom post portal transformation\
Colour Palette:\
Dominant Props:\
Minor Props:
\f1\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li1120\sa240
\cf0 \
EXT. BACK PORCH\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1120\sa240

\f3\i \cf0 Robert leans over the railing, concerned for Agatha.
\f1\i0 \
\
ROBERT\
Agatha!\'a0\
\
(Beat)\'a0\
\
Is everything O.K?\
\
INT. 
\f2\b CELLAR
\f1\b0  (Continuous)\
\
AGATHA (Shouts)\'a0\
YES!\'a0\
\

\f3\i Agatha kisses the piece of the Black Madonna doll\'92s head with devotion, as Robert calls out to her.
\f1\i0 \
\
AGATHA (CONT\'92D) (Whispers)\'a0\
For the first time in a while actually.\
\
EXT. 
\f2\b BACK PORCH
\f1\b0 \
\

\f3\i Robert is still leaning over the railing, like he isn\'92t convinced. Then looking up, he sees the strange light coming from the sky over their house. He frowns, incredulous.
\f1\i0 \
\
ROBERT (Whispers to himself)\
WHAT the hell is going on?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1120

\f2\b \cf0 Location Description: Back porch with celestial light\
Colour Palette:\
Dominant Props:\
Minor Props:
\f1\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li1120\sa240
\cf0 \
INT. 
\f2\b CELLAR
\f1\b0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1120\sa240

\f3\i \cf0 Agatha pulls out the last object from the tin.
\f1\i0 \
\

\f3\i It\'92s an old copper key. She moves it around in her hand, trying to remember what it\'92s for. Then she does, laughing quietly to herself \'96how could she have forgotten? Agatha\'92s Double is next to her with her arm around her, both Agathas looking at the key.
\f1\i0 \
\
AGATHA\'92S DOUBLE\
\'85and that dear Agatha is you returning.\
\

\f3\i Agatha embraces her Double, then stands up, cradling the tin like she IS the Black Madonna holding the divine child of the self in her hands. Agatha\'92s Double opens the cellar door for her and Agatha walks into the external light source. Agatha\'92s Double smiles and shuts the door.
\f1\i0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320

\f4 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li1120\sa240

\f2\b \cf0 THE END
\f1\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li1120
\cf0 \
} 7a\r4a
	\% \5Mf