{\rtf1\ansi\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f1\fswiss\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}{\f2\fswiss\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0606020202030204}Arial Narrow;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}{\stylesheet{\fs24 \snext0 Normal;}} \pard\plain \margl1440\margr1440 {\footer \pard\plain \tqr\tx9360 \fs20 {\tab Page }{\field{\*\fldinst PAGE}{\fldrslt 1}}{\par }}\ltrpar \sectd \ltrsect\psz1\linex2949\headery864\endnhere\titlepg\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj\sftnrestart {\headerr \ltrpar \pard\plain \ltrpar\qr Vita for Lisa A Schelbe\par }{\headerf \ltrpar \pard\plain \ltrpar\qr \par }{\pard \qc\keepn {\b\fs28 Curriculum Vitae}\par }{\fs8 \pard \keepn \par }{\pard \qc\keepn {\b\fs28 Lisa A Schelbe}\par }{\fs8 \pard \keepn \par }{\pard \qc\keepn February 18, 2016\par }{\fs8 \pard \keepn \par }\pard \keepn \par {\pard \qc\keepn {\b General Information}\par }\pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-2160\li2160\tx2160 University address:\tab Social Work\line College of Social Work\line University Center Building C2501\line Florida State University\line Tallahassee, Florida 32306-2570\line \par \pard \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-2160\li2160\tx2160 E-mail address:\tab lschelbe@fsu.edu\par \pard \pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-2160\li2160\tx2160 Web site:\tab {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "http://csw.fsu.edu/faculty/lisa-schelbe"}{\fldrslt http://csw.fsu.edu/faculty/lisa-schelbe}}\par \pard \pard \keepn \par \pard \par \pard \keepn {\b Professional Preparation}\par \pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-1800\li1800\tx1800 2013\tab Ph.D., University of Pittsburgh. Major: Social Work. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-1800\li1800\tx1800 2002\tab MSW, Washington University. Major: Social Work. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-1800\li1800\tx1800 1998\tab B.A., Washington University. Major: Women's Studies. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \par \pard \keepn {\b Professional Experience}\par \pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-1800\li1800\tx1800 2013\u8211?present\tab Assistant Professor, Social Work, Florida State University. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-1800\li1800\tx1800 2011\u8211?2013\tab Research Assistant, University of Pittsburgh School of Social Work. PI: Dr. Sara Goodkind.\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-1800\li1800\tx1800 2010\u8211?2013\tab Research Assistant, University of Pittsburgh School of Social Work. PI: Dr. Helen Petracchi.\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-1800\li1800\tx1800 2007\u8211?2013\tab Project Manager, University of Pittsburgh School of Social Work. PI: Drs. Jeffrey Shook and Michael Vaughn.\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-1800\li1800\tx1800 2007\u8211?2013\tab Research Assistant, University of Pittsburgh School of Social Work. PI: Dr. Sara Goodkind.\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-1800\li1800\tx1800 2000\u8211?2001\tab Research Assistant, Washington University. PI: Dr. Tonya Edmond.\par \pard \pard \par \pard \par \pard \keepn {\b Fellowship(s)}\par \pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\fi-720\li720 Doris Duke Fellowship for the Promotion of Child Well-Being (2010\u8211?2012).\par \pard \pard \par \pard \par \pard \keepn {\b Current Membership in Professional Organizations}\par \pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\fi-720\li720 Council on Social Work Education \par \pard \pard \keepn\fi-720\li720 National Association of Social Workers \par \pard \pard \keepn\fi-720\li720 Society for Social Work and Research \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn \par {\pard \qc\keepn {\b Teaching}\par }\pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn {\b Courses Taught}\par \pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\fi-720\li720 Directed Individual Study (SOW5908)\par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Human Behavior and the Social Environment I (SOW4104)\par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Child Welfare Practice (SOW4650)\par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Child Welfare Practice (SOW5656)\par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Human Behavior and the Social Environment I (SOW5105)\par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Directed Individual Study (SOW6909)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \par \pard \keepn {\b Doctoral Committee Member}\par \pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\fi-720\li720 Cheatham, L., doctoral candidate. \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Kennedy, S. C., doctoral candidate. \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Ellsworth, M., doctoral student. \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Yelick, A., doctoral student. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \par \pard \keepn {\b Bachelor's Committee Member}\par \pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\fi-720\li720 Bartley, K., student. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \par \pard \keepn {\b Supervision of Student Research Not Related to Thesis or Dissertation}\par \pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Johnson, C. (Aug 2015\u8211?present). \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Johnson, C. (Apr 2014\u8211?Jul 2015). \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Erndl, E. (Oct 2014\u8211?May 2015). \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Sokolowski, A. (Aug 2014\u8211?May 2015). \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Pessin, L. (Jan 2014\u8211?May 2015). \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Croll, M. (Oct 2013\u8211?May 2015). \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Mack, R. (May\u8211?Jul 2014). \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Darden, L. (Jan\u8211?May 2014). \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Nesto, M. (Sep 2013\u8211?May 2014). \par \pard \pard \par \pard \par \pard \keepn {\b Awards & Nominations}\par \pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Schelbe, L. (2015). {\i Professor of the Year}. Florida State University College of Social Work Association of Social Work Students. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Schelbe, L. (2014). {\i University Teaching Award Nominee}. Florida State University. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \par \pard \keepn {\b Teaching Experience}\par \pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Teaching Assistant. (2010). {\i Qualitative Data Management, Analysis and Presentation (ADMPS 3012)}. University of Pittsburgh School of Education. Instructor: Maureen Porter, Ph.D. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Teaching Assistant. (2010). {\i Social Welfare (SWWEL 2081)}. University of Pittsburgh School of Social Work. Instructor: Helen Petracchi, PhD. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Instructor. (2004). {\i History of Social Work and Social Welfare (SW 210)}. Warren Wilson College. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn \par {\pard \qc\keepn {\b Research and Original Creative Work}\par }\pard \keepn \par {\pard \qc\keepn {\b Publications}\par }\pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn {\b Refereed Journal Articles}\par \pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Petracchi, H. E., Weaver, A., Schelbe, L., & Song, H. A. (in press). The State of Service Learning in Baccalaureate Social Work Education: Results of a National Survey of Accredited Programs. {\i Journal of Social Work Education}.\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Schelbe, L., Chanmugam, A., Moses, T., Williams, L. R., Saltzburg, S., & Letendra, J. (2015). Youth Participation in Qualitative Research: Challenges and Possibilities. {\i Qualitative Social Work}, {\i 14}, 504-521.\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Geiger, J. M., & Schelbe, L. (2014). Stopping the Cycle of Abuse and Neglect: A Call to Action to Focus on Pregnant and Parenting Foster Youth. {\i Journal of Public Child Welfare}, {\i 8}, 25-50.\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Raissian, K. M., Dierkhising, C. B., Mullins-Geiger, J., & Schelbe, L. (2014). Child Maltreatment Reporting Patterns and Predictors of Substantiation: Comparing Adolescents and Younger Children. {\i Child Maltreatment}, {\i 19}, 3-16. doi:{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "http://dx.doi.org/10.1177/1077559513518096"}{\fldrslt 10.1177/1077559513518096}}\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Schelbe, L., Petracchi, H. E., & Weaver, A. (2014). Benefits and Challenges of Service-learning in Council of Social Work Education Accredited Baccalaureate Social Work Programs. {\i Journal of Teaching in Social Work}, {\i 34}, 480-495.\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Goodkind, S., Schelbe, L. A., Joseph, A., Beers, D., & Pinsky, S. (2013). Providing new opportunities or reinforcing old stereotypes? Perceptions and experiences of single-sex public education. {\i Children and Youth Services Review}, {\i 35}, 1174-1181.\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Goodkind, S., Schelbe, L. A., & Shook, J. J. (2011). Why youth leave care: Understandings of adulthood and transition successes and challenges among youth aging out of child welfare. {\i Children and Youth Services Review}, {\i 33}, 1039-1048.\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Schelbe, L. A. (2011). Policy Analysis of Fostering Connections to Success and Increasing Adoptions Act of 2008. {\i Journal of Human Behavior in the Social Environment}, {\i 22}, 555-576.\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Shook, J., Goodkind, S., Pohlig, R., Schelbe, L. A., Herring, D., & Kim, K. (2011). Patterns of mental health, substance abuse, and justice system involvement among youth aging out of child welfare. {\i American Journal of Orthopsychiatry}, {\i 82}, 420-432.\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Shook, J. J., Vaughn, M. G., Litschge, C., Kolivoski, K., & Schelbe, L. A. (2009). The importance of friends among foster youth aging out of care: Cluster profiles of deviant peer affiliations. {\i Children and Youth Service Review}, {\i 31}, 284-291.\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Vaughn, M. G., Beaver, K. M., DeLisi, M., Perron, B. E., & Schelbe, L. A. (2009). Gene-environment interplay and the importance of self-control in predicting polydrug use and substance-related problems. {\i Addictive Behaviors}, {\i 34}, 112-116.\par \pard \pard \par \pard \par \pard \keepn {\b Nonrefereed Journal Articles}\par \pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Lacasse, J. R., Schelbe, L., & Thyer, B. A. (2015). Editorial: Measuring the Impact of the Child and Adolescent Social Work Journal. Child and Adolescent Social Work. {\i Child and Adolescent Social Work}, {\i 32}, 395-396.\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Schelbe, L., & Thyer, B. A. (2015). An Introduction from the New Co-Editors: Building the Child and Adolescent Social Work Journal. {\i Child and Adolescent Social Work}, {\i 32}, 91-92.\par \pard \pard \par \pard \par \pard \keepn {\b Nonrefereed Reports}\par \pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Goodkind, S., Shook, J. J., Grammich, C. A., Kim, K., Pohlig, R. T., Herring, D., Schelbe, L. A., & Kolivoski, K. (2012). {\i Aging Out of the Child Welfare System in Allegheny County: Descriptive Analysis, Challenges and Implications}. Pittsburgh, PA: Allegheny County Department of Human Services. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Goodkind, S., Shook, J. J., & Schelbe, L. A. (2010). {\i Youths' perspectives on transitioning to adulthood from child welfare in Allegheny County}. Pittsburgh, PA: Allegheny County Department of Human Services. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn \par {\pard \qc\keepn {\b Presentations}\par }\pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn {\b Refereed Papers at Conferences}\par \pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Klika, B., Wilfong, A., & Schelbe, L. (presented 2015, November). {\i Addressing the health needs of foster children: A literature review and case example}. Paper presented at Academy on Violence and Abuse Global Scientific Summit, Academy on Violence and Abuse, Jacksonville, FL. (International)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Miller, C. S., & Schelbe, L. (presented 2015, January). {\i First-Generation College Students' Perceptions of a College Support Program}. Paper presented at Society for Social Work and Research Annual Conference, Society for Social Work and Research, New Orleans, LA. (National)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Schelbe, L., & Kennedy, S. C. (presented 2015, January). {\i "They Just Need That Connection": Service Providers' Reflections about Youth Aging Out}. Paper presented at Society for Social Work and Research Annual Conference, Society for Social Work and Research, New Orleans, LA. (National)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Schelbe, L., Geiger, J. M., & Hayes, M. (presented 2014, May). {\i Connecting the Dots: Theory, Practice, and Research for Understanding the Intergenerational Transmission of Child Maltreatment among Youth Aging Out}. Paper presented at National Conference on Child Abuse and Neglect, Children's Bureau's Office on Child Abuse and Neglect, New Orleans, LA. (National)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Schelbe, L. (presented 2014, January). {\i Beyond Providing a Place to Live: An Ethnographic Study of Addressing Housing Needs of Youth Aging Out}. Paper presented at Society for Social Work and Research Annual Conference, Society for Social Work and Research, San Antonio, TX. (National)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Goodkind, S., Schelbe, L. A., Joseph, A., Beers, D., & Pinsky, S. (presented 2013, January). {\i Providing New Opportunities or Reinforcing Old Stereotypes? Students' and Other Stakeholders' Perceptions and Experiences of Single-Sex Public Education}. Paper presented at Society for Social Work and Research Annual Conference, Society for Social Work and Research, San Diego, CA. (National)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Johnson, H., Schelbe, L. A., Shook, J., & Goodkind, S. (presented 2013, January). {\i Do Adolescents Sell Drugs to Support Their Habits?} Paper presented at Society for Social Work and Research Annual Conference, Society for Social Work and Research, San Diego, CA. (National)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Raissian, K., Mullins Geiger, J., Schelbe, L. A., Hurst, T., & Dierkhising, C. (presented 2013, January). {\i The Forgotten Ones? Exploring Factors Related to Child Maltreatment Reports and Substantiation Among Adolescents}. Paper presented at Society for Social Work and Research Annual Conference, Society for Social Work and Research, San Diego, CA. (National)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Schelbe, L., Geiger, J. M., & Phillips, C. (presented 2013, January). {\i Parenting Under Pressure: Struggles With Parenting Faced By Youth Aging Out of the Child Welfare System}. Paper presented at Society for Social Work and Research Annual Conference, Society for Social Work and Research, San Antonio, TX. (National)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Mullins-Geiger, J., & Schelbe, L. A. (presented 2012, April). {\i Stopping the Cycle of Abuse and Neglect: A Call to Action to Focus on Pregnant and Parenting Foster Youth}. Paper presented at National Conference on Child Abuse and Neglect, National Conference on Child Abuse and Neglect, Washington, DC. (National)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Vaughn, M., Perron, B., & Schelbe, L. A. (presented 2012, January). {\i Examining Environmental, Genetic and Self-Regulatory Effects In Predicting Polydrug Use and Substance-Related Problems}. Paper presented at Society for Social Work and Research Annual Conference, Society for Social Work and Research, Washington, DC. (National)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Petracchi, H. E., Schelbe, L. A., & Weaver, A. (presented 2011, October). {\i Presence of Service-Learning Activities in Accredited Social Work Programs: National Survey Results}. Paper presented at the meeting of Council on Social Work Education Annual Program Meeting, Atlanta, Georgia. (National)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Schelbe, L. A., Petracchi, H. E., & Weaver, A. (presented 2011, October). {\i The Role of School Location in Service-Learning in Baccalaureate Social Work Education: Analysis of Qualitative Responses from a National Survey}. Paper presented at the meeting of Council on Social Work Education Annual Program Meeting, Atlanta, Georgia. (National)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Schelbe, L. A., Goodkind, S., & Shook, J. (presented 2011, January). {\i The Contradictory Challenges of Relationships and Independence for Youth Aging out of Child Welfare}. Paper presented at Society for Social Work and Research Annual Conference, Society for Social Work and Research, Tampa, FL. (National)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Kolivoski, K., Weaver, A., Constance-Huggins, M., & Schelbe, L. A. (presented 2010, October). {\i Social Justice Revisited: Preparing Students for Practice Within Systems that Perpetuate Inequality}. Paper presented at the meeting of Council on Social Work Education Annual Program Meeting, Portland, OR. (National)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Schelbe, L. A. (presented 2010, January). {\i Why do Youth Leave Care? Youths' Perspectives on the Decision to Exit the System}. Paper presented at Society for Social Work and Research Annual Conference, Society for Social Work and Research, San Francisco, CA. (National)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Schelbe, L. A., Vaughn, M., Kolivoski, K., Weaver, A., & Shook, J. (presented 2009, January). {\i A Finite Mixture Analysis of the Validity of the MAYSI-2 among Juvenile Offenders}. Paper presented at Society for Social Work and Research Annual Conference, Society for Social Work and Research, New Orleans, LA. (National)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Schelbe, L. A., & Vaughn, M. (presented 2008, November). {\i A Finite Mixture Analysis of the Validity of the MAYSI-2 among Juvenile Offenders}. Paper presented at the meeting of American Society of Criminology Annual Meeting, St. Louis, MO. (National)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Vaughn, M. G., Beaver, K. M., DeLisi, M., & Schelbe, L. A. (presented 2008, November). {\i Gene-Environment Interplay and the Importance of Self-Control in Predicting Substance-related Problems}. Paper presented at the meeting of American Society of Criminology Annual Meeting, St. Louis, MO. (National)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \par \pard \keepn {\b Refereed Presentations at Conferences}\par \pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Schelbe, L., Hayes, M., Wagaman, A., & Lietz, C. (presented 2015, October). {\i Comparing and contrasting methodological approaches to qualitative research}. Presentation at Annual Program Meeting, Council on Social Work Education, Atlanta, GA. (National)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Petracchi, H. E., Schelbe, L. A., & Weaver, A. (presented 2012, January). {\i Benefits and Challenges of Service-Learning In Baccalaureate Social Work Education}. Poster presentation at Society for Social Work and Research Annual Conference, Society for Social Work and Research, Washington, DC. (National)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Petracchi, H. E., Weaver, A., & Schelbe, L. A. (presented 2012, January). {\i Service-Learning In Accredited Baccalaureate Social Work Programs: National Survey Results}. Poster presentation at Society for Social Work and Research Annual Conference, Society for Social Work and Research, Washington, DC. (National)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Williams, L. R., Saltzburg, S., Letendra, J., Moses, T., Schelbe, L. A., & Chanmugan, A. (presented 2012, January). {\i Implementing Qualitative Research with Children: Reconciling Qualitative Research Methods with the Unique Needs and Contributions of Children and Adolescents}. Presentation at Society for Social Work and Research Annual Conference, Society for Social Work and Research, Washington, DC. (National)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Schelbe, L. A., Moses, T., Williams, L. R., Saltzburg, S., Letendra, J., & Chanmugan, A. (presented 2011, January). {\i The Ethics and Logistics of Qualitative Research with Children and Adolescents: Extraordinary Possibilities and Complex Challenges}. Presentation at Society for Social Work Research Annual Conference, Society for Social Work Research, Tampa, FL. (National)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \par \pard \keepn {\b Refereed Workshops}\par \pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Phillips, C., Schelbe, L. A., & Rauktis, M. E. (2012, December). {\i Improving Youths' Transition out of the Foster Care System: An Informed Approach}. Workshop delivered at Annual Program Meeting of the Council on Social Work Education, Washington, DC. (National)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Friedline, T., Weaver, A., Constance-Huggins, M., Kolivoski, K., & Schelbe, L. A. (2009, October). {\i Dilemmas of a Profession: Navigating Systems while Advocating for Consumers}. Workshop delivered at National Association of Social Workers, Pennsylvania Chapter Annual Conference, Gettysburg, PA. (National)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Schelbe, L. A. (2008, March). {\i Erasing Homophobia: Teaching Techniques}. Workshop delivered at National Association of Social Workers, Pennsylvania Chapter Annual Conference, Monroeville, PA. (National)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn \par {\pard \qc\keepn {\b Contracts and Grants}\par }\pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn {\b Contracts and Grants Funded}\par \pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Beitsch, L., & Schelbe, L. (Jul 2015\u8211?Jun 2015). {\i Evaluation of MEDS-AD and Medicaid Fraud Control Strategies. Qualitative Analysis of the MEDS-AD Waiver (MTM) Program Evaluation-Extension Year 4}. Funded by Agency for Health Care Administration. Total award $438,830. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Schelbe, Lisa A (PI). (Apr 2015\u8211?Jun 2015). {\i Technical Report: Youth Aging Out of the Child Welfare System who are Parents}. Funded by Florida Institute for Child Welfare. Total award $5,000. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Schelbe, Lisa A (PI). (Apr 2015\u8211?May 2016). {\i Evidence-Based Parenting Intervention for Leon County Youth Aging Out of
the Child Welfare System}. Funded by Florida Institute for Child Welfare. Total award $60,000. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Schelbe, Lisa A (PI). (May 2014\u8211?Aug 2014). {\i FYAP: Educational Experience of Youth Aging Out of The Child Welfare System}. Funded by FSU CRC. Total award $20,000. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Schelbe, L. A. (2011\u8211?2011). {\i Wynne Korr Doctoral Student Resource Fund}. Funded by University of Pittsburgh School of Social Work. Total award $500. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Schelbe, L. A. (2010\u8211?2010). {\i Student Research Grant}. Funded by University of Pittsburgh Women's Studies Program. Total award $1,000. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn \par {\pard \qc\keepn {\b Service}\par }\pard \keepn \par {\pard \qc\keepn {\b Florida State University}\par }\pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn {\b FSU University Service}\par \pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Member, Florida State University Faculty Travel Grant Advisory Committee (2013\u8211?present).\par \pard \pard \par \pard \par \pard \keepn {\b FSU College Service}\par \pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Member, Florida State University College of Social Work Academic Affairs Committee (2014\u8211?present).\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Chair, Florida State University College of Social Work Diversity Committee (2014\u8211?present).\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn \par {\pard \qc\keepn {\b The Profession}\par }\pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn {\b Editor for Refereed Journals}\par \pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Editor-in-Chief, {\i Child and Adolescent Social Work Journal} (2015\u8211?present).\par \pard \pard \par \pard \par \pard \keepn {\b Editorial Board Membership(s)}\par \pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 {\i Research on Social Work Practice} (2014\u8211?present).\par \pard \pard \par \pard \par \pard \keepn {\b Guest Reviewer for Refereed Journals}\par \pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 {\i Child and Family Social Work} (2013\u8211?present).\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 {\i Children and Youth Service Review} (2012\u8211?present).\par \pard \pard \par \pard \par \pard \keepn {\b Service to Professional Associations}\par \pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Member/President, NASW-NC Local Programming Unit Asheville (2001\u8211?2006).\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Member, Task Force on Diversity and Religions Beliefs of Washington University (2001\u8211?2002).\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Member, St. Louis Battered Women Economic Development Task Force (2000\u8211?2002).\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Member, Program Advisory Committee of Missouri Coalition Against Domestic Violence (1999\u8211?2002).\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn \par {\pard \qc\keepn {\b Consultation}\par }\pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Bank of New York Mellon. Served as a consultant on public awareness video campaign about youth "aging out." (2012\u8211?2013).\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Pennsylvania Youth Advisory Board of Office of Children, Youth, and Families. Analyzed data from youth run focus groups and wrote reports (2011\u8211?2013).\par \pard \pard \par }   A4
9