{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\fromhtml1 \fbidis \deff0{\fonttbl
{\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial;}
{\f1\fmodern Courier New;}
{\f2\fnil\fcharset2 Symbol;}
{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier New;}}
{\colortbl\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;}
\uc1\pard\plain\deftab360 \f0\fs24 
{\*\htmltag19 <html xmlns:v="urn:schemas-microsoft-com:vml" xmlns:o="urn:schemas-microsoft-com:office:office" xmlns:w="urn:schemas-microsoft-com:office:word" xmlns:m="http://schemas.microsoft.com/office/2004/12/omml" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/TR/REC-html40">}
{\*\htmltag2 \par }
{\*\htmltag34 <head>}
{\*\htmltag1 \par }
{\*\htmltag1 \par }
{\*\htmltag161 <meta name="Generator" content="Microsoft Word 14 (filtered medium)">}
{\*\htmltag1 \par }
{\*\htmltag241 <style>}
{\*\htmltag241 <!--\par /* Font Definitions */\par @font-face\par \tab \{font-family:Calibri;\par \tab panose-1:2 15 5 2 2 2 4 3 2 4;\}\par @font-face\par \tab \{font-family:Tahoma;\par \tab panose-1:2 11 6 4 3 5 4 4 2 4;\}\par /* Style Definitions */\par p.MsoNormal, li.MsoNormal, div.MsoNormal\par \tab \{margin:0cm;\par \tab margin-bottom:.0001pt;\par \tab font-size:11.0pt;\par \tab font-family:"Calibri","sans-serif";\par \tab mso-fareast-language:EN-US;\}\par a:link, span.MsoHyperlink\par \tab \{mso-style-priority:99;\par \tab color:blue;\par \tab text-decoration:underline;\}\par a:visited, span.MsoHyperlinkFollowed\par \tab \{mso-style-priority:99;\par \tab color:purple;\par \tab text-decoration:underline;\}\par p\par \tab \{mso-style-priority:99;\par \tab mso-margin-top-alt:auto;\par \tab margin-right:0cm;\par \tab mso-margin-bottom-alt:auto;\par \tab margin-left:0cm;\par \tab font-size:12.0pt;\par \tab font-family:"Times New Roman","serif";\}\par p.MsoAcetate, li.MsoAcetate, div.MsoAcetate\par \tab \{mso-style-priority:99;\par \tab mso-style-link:"Balloon Text Char";\par \tab margin:0cm;\par \tab margin-bottom:.0001pt;\par \tab font-size:8.0pt;\par \tab font-family:"Tahoma","sans-serif";\par \tab mso-fareast-language:EN-US;\}\par span.BalloonTextChar\par \tab \{mso-style-name:"Balloon Text Char";\par \tab mso-style-priority:99;\par \tab mso-style-link:"Balloon Text";\par \tab font-family:"Tahoma","sans-serif";\par \tab mso-fareast-language:EN-US;\}\par span.EmailStyle20\par \tab \{mso-style-type:personal;\par \tab font-family:"Calibri","sans-serif";\par \tab color:windowtext;\}\par span.EmailStyle21\par \tab \{mso-style-type:personal;\par \tab font-family:"Calibri","sans-serif";\par \tab color:#1F497D;\}\par span.EmailStyle22\par \tab \{mso-style-type:personal;\par \tab font-family:"Calibri","sans-serif";\par \tab color:#1F497D;\}\par span.EmailStyle23\par \tab \{mso-style-type:personal-reply;\par \tab font-family:"Calibri","sans-serif";\par \tab color:#1F497D;\}\par .MsoChpDefault\par \tab \{mso-style-type:export-only;\par \tab font-size:10.0pt;\}\par @page WordSection1\par \tab \{size:612.0pt 792.0pt;\par \tab margin:72.0pt 72.0pt 72.0pt 72.0pt;\}\par div.WordSection1\par \tab \{page:WordSection1;\}\par -->}
{\*\htmltag249 </style>}
{\*\htmltag241 <!--[if gte mso 9]><xml>\par <o:shapedefaults v:ext="edit" spidmax="1026" />\par </xml><![endif]-->}
{\*\htmltag241 <!--[if gte mso 9]><xml>\par <o:shapelayout v:ext="edit">\par <o:idmap v:ext="edit" data="1" />\par </o:shapelayout></xml><![endif]-->}
{\*\htmltag1 \par }
{\*\htmltag41 </head>}
{\*\htmltag2 \par }
{\*\htmltag50 <body lang="EN-IE" link="blue" vlink="purple">}\htmlrtf \lang6153 \htmlrtf0 
{\*\htmltag0 \par }
{\*\htmltag96 <div class="WordSection1">}\htmlrtf {\htmlrtf0 
{\*\htmltag0 \par }
{\*\htmltag64 <p class="MsoNormal">}\htmlrtf {\htmlrtf0 
{\*\htmltag84 <span style="color:#1F497D">}\htmlrtf {\htmlrtf0 Bit of a giggle for you 
{\*\htmltag244 <o:p>}
{\*\htmltag252 </o:p>}
{\*\htmltag92 </span>}\htmlrtf }\htmlrtf0 \htmlrtf\par}\htmlrtf0
\htmlrtf \par
\htmlrtf0 
{\*\htmltag72 </p>}
{\*\htmltag0 \par }
{\*\htmltag64 <p class="MsoNormal">}\htmlrtf {\htmlrtf0 
{\*\htmltag84 <span style="color:#1F497D">}\htmlrtf {\htmlrtf0 
{\*\htmltag244 <o:p>}
{\*\htmltag84 &nbsp;}\htmlrtf \'a0\htmlrtf0 
{\*\htmltag252 </o:p>}
{\*\htmltag92 </span>}\htmlrtf }\htmlrtf0 \htmlrtf\par}\htmlrtf0
\htmlrtf \par
\htmlrtf0 
{\*\htmltag72 </p>}
{\*\htmltag0 \par }
{\*\htmltag96 <div>}\htmlrtf {\htmlrtf0 
{\*\htmltag0 \par }
{\*\htmltag96 <div style="border:none;border-top:solid #B5C4DF 1.0pt;padding:3.0pt 0cm 0cm 0cm">}\htmlrtf {\htmlrtf0 
{\*\htmltag0 \par }
{\*\htmltag64 <p class="MsoNormal">}\htmlrtf {\htmlrtf0 
{\*\htmltag84 <b>}\htmlrtf {\b \htmlrtf0 
{\*\htmltag84 <span lang="EN-US" style="font-size:10.0pt;font-family:&quot;Tahoma&quot;,&quot;sans-serif&quot;;mso-fareast-language:EN-IE">}\htmlrtf {\lang1033 \htmlrtf0 From:
{\*\htmltag92 </span>}\htmlrtf }\htmlrtf0 
{\*\htmltag92 </b>}\htmlrtf }\htmlrtf0 
{\*\htmltag84 <span lang="EN-US" style="font-size:10.0pt;font-family:&quot;Tahoma&quot;,&quot;sans-serif&quot;;mso-fareast-language:EN-IE">}\htmlrtf {\lang1033 \htmlrtf0  Halpin,
{\*\htmltag4 \par }\htmlrtf  \htmlrtf0 
{\*\htmltag4  }Karen 
{\*\htmltag116 <br>}\htmlrtf \line
\htmlrtf0 
{\*\htmltag4 \par }
{\*\htmltag84 <b>}\htmlrtf {\b \htmlrtf0 Sent:
{\*\htmltag92 </b>}\htmlrtf }\htmlrtf0  01 July 2016 10:54
{\*\htmltag116 <br>}\htmlrtf \line
\htmlrtf0 
{\*\htmltag4 \par }
{\*\htmltag84 <b>}\htmlrtf {\b \htmlrtf0 To:
{\*\htmltag92 </b>}\htmlrtf }\htmlrtf0  05_TMI
{\*\htmltag116 <br>}\htmlrtf \line
\htmlrtf0 
{\*\htmltag4 \par }
{\*\htmltag84 <b>}\htmlrtf {\b \htmlrtf0 Subject:
{\*\htmltag92 </b>}\htmlrtf }\htmlrtf0  FM 104
{\*\htmltag244 <o:p>}
{\*\htmltag252 </o:p>}
{\*\htmltag92 </span>}\htmlrtf }\htmlrtf0 \htmlrtf\par}\htmlrtf0
\htmlrtf \par
\htmlrtf0 
{\*\htmltag72 </p>}
{\*\htmltag0 \par }
{\*\htmltag104 </div>}\htmlrtf }\htmlrtf0 
{\*\htmltag0 \par }
{\*\htmltag104 </div>}\htmlrtf }\htmlrtf0 
{\*\htmltag0 \par }
{\*\htmltag64 <p class="MsoNormal">}\htmlrtf {\htmlrtf0 
{\*\htmltag244 <o:p>}
{\*\htmltag84 &nbsp;}\htmlrtf \'a0\htmlrtf0 
{\*\htmltag252 </o:p>}\htmlrtf\par}\htmlrtf0
\htmlrtf \par
\htmlrtf0 
{\*\htmltag72 </p>}
{\*\htmltag0 \par }
{\*\htmltag64 <p class="MsoNormal">}\htmlrtf {\htmlrtf0 
{\*\htmltag84 <span style="color:#1F497D">}\htmlrtf {\htmlrtf0 Some FREE advertising this morning on FM104, not part of our plan!
{\*\htmltag92 </span>}\htmlrtf }\htmlrtf0 
{\*\htmltag84 <span lang="EN-GB" style="font-size:12.0pt;font-family:&quot;Times New Roman&quot;,&quot;serif&quot;;background:white;mso-fareast-language:EN-IE">}\htmlrtf {\lang2057 \htmlrtf0 
{\*\htmltag244 <o:p>}
{\*\htmltag252 </o:p>}
{\*\htmltag92 </span>}\htmlrtf }\htmlrtf0 \htmlrtf\par}\htmlrtf0
\htmlrtf \par
\htmlrtf0 
{\*\htmltag72 </p>}
{\*\htmltag0 \par }
{\*\htmltag64 <p align="center" style="text-align:center">}\htmlrtf {\htmlrtf0 \htmlrtf \qc \htmlrtf0 
{\*\htmltag84 <span lang="EN-GB" style="background:white">}\htmlrtf {\lang2057 \htmlrtf0 
{\*\htmltag84 &nbsp;}\htmlrtf \'a0\htmlrtf0 
{\*\htmltag244 <o:p>}
{\*\htmltag252 </o:p>}
{\*\htmltag92 </span>}\htmlrtf }\htmlrtf0 \htmlrtf\par}\htmlrtf0
\htmlrtf \par
\htmlrtf0 
{\*\htmltag72 </p>}
{\*\htmltag0 \par }
{\*\htmltag104 </div>}\htmlrtf }\htmlrtf0 
{\*\htmltag0 \par }{\*\htmltag64}\htmlrtf {\htmlrtf0 Protector Line Breaking the law or company policy is not acceptable. We encourage our employees and suppliers to speak up where they have concerns. Call or Email Protector Line in confidence. Ph - 1800 567014 Email - tescoireland@expolink.co.uk =========================================================
{\*\htmltag4 \par }\htmlrtf  \htmlrtf0 
{\*\htmltag4  }This is an e-mail from Tesco Ireland and is confidential. If you are not the intended recipient you must not disclose or use the information but please delete the e-mail as soon as possible. Any views in the e-mail are those of the sender only and not those
{\*\htmltag4 \par }\htmlrtf  \htmlrtf0 
{\*\htmltag4  }of the Tesco Group. Unless stated otherwise this e-mail is not intended to be contractually binding. Tesco Ireland Ltd., Gresham House, Marine Road, Dun Laoghaire, Co. Dublin. Registered in Ireland Reg No. 19542 Please consider the environment before printing
{\*\htmltag4 \par }\htmlrtf  \htmlrtf0 
{\*\htmltag4  }this e-mail. =========================================================
{\*\htmltag4 \par }\htmlrtf  \htmlrtf0 {\*\htmltag72}\htmlrtf\par}\htmlrtf0

{\*\htmltag58 </body>}
{\*\htmltag2 \par }
{\*\htmltag27 </html>}
{\*\htmltag3 \par }} `-is
Î
ham\