{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1 \deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f1\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}
{\f29\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f30\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f32\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f33\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\f34\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f35\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f36\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f37\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f38\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}
{\f40\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f41\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f42\fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}{\f43\fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}{\f44\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;
\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}}{\info
{\title JAPAN'S PART IN THE OUTBREAK OF WORLD WAR H It took Japan less than half a century to rise to power and become a major world p}{\author  }{\operator  }{\creatim\yr2005\mo9\dy27\hr6\min58}{\revtim\yr2005\mo9\dy27\hr6\min58}{\version2}{\edmins0}
{\nofpages5}{\nofwords2334}{\nofchars13309}{\*\company  }{\nofcharsws16344}{\vern8269}}\deftab480\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\hyphcaps0\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984
\dghshow0\dgvshow3\jcompress\viewkind4\viewscale100\nolnhtadjtbl \fet0\sectd \linex0\sectdefaultcl {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3
\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}
{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain 
\qj \li172\ri0\sb168\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin172\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\fs22 JAPAN'S PART IN THE OUTBREAK OF WORLD WAR H}{ }{\fs22 
It took Japan less than half a century to rise to power and become a major world player. In the last}{ }{\fs22 quarter of the 19th century, Japan turned to Western technology in order to avoid the fate of China,}{ }{\fs22 
namelyWestern dominance. By the 1890s, Japan had so far modernized and strengthened itself that}{ }{\fs22 it was able to join in the scramble for possessions in China. In 1902, it signed a treaty with Great}{ }{\fs22 
Britain which recognized its new status among other things. At the end of the First World War,}{ }{\fs22 Japan was invited as one of the winning powers, to participate in the Peace Conference. In reality,}{ }{\fs22 
however, the Japanese found that they were not considered equal to the Europeans and the}{ }{\fs22 Americans. This Western hypocrisy caused Japan to lose faith in the Western powers and pursue a}{ }{\fs22 
pan-Asian order, with Japan as its leader. In order to become self-sufficient, Japan needed the raw}{ }{\fs22 materials of East Asia, as well as "living-space" for its surplus population. This pan-Asian vision}{ }{\fs22 
threatened European and American interests in the region, which therefore opposed it. Japan found}{ }{\fs22 itself by the 1930s with a choice:-to confront the Western powers, especially the United States, and}{ }{\fs22 
thereby risk war, or to retreat and accept humiliation and a loss of power. This essay is going to}{ }{\fs22 examine how Japan reached that position by the 1930s and how it made the choice for war. I am}{ }{\fs22 
going to argue that Japan's policies were shaped more by fear and a feeling of weakness, than by a}{ }{\fs22 confidence in its own military strength and its racial superiority, which has been the more accepted}{ }{\fs22 view among historians.}{
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {
\par }\pard \qj \li2452\ri0\sb38\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin2452\itap0 {\f1\fs20 By 1914 Japan had already demonstrated its new strength by becoming the first Asian power to}{ }{\f1\fs20 
defeat aEuropean one, in the Russo-Japanese War of 1904-05. World War I gave Japan the}{ }{\f1\fs20 opportunity to pursue expansionists goals in Asia without \'abny diplomatic risks. As an ally of}{ }{\f1\fs20 
Britain, Japan declared war on Gennany, which allowed it to seize German colonies in the Pacific}{ }{\f1\fs20 including the Chinese one at Kiachow. Japan then concentrated on extending its control over China}{ }{\f1\fs20 
whiletheEuropeanpowersweretoopreoccupiedtore^t. Inl915,JapanpresentedChinawhh.he}{ }{\f1\fs20 Twenty-One Demands, which extracted economic concessions, and, if they had all been accepted,}{ }{\f1\fs20 
would have turned China into a virtual colony.- In 1916, Japan's European allies recognized Japan's}{ }{\f1\fs20 gains, and at the Paris Peace Conference Japan represented one of the five major powers, the only}{
\par }\pard \qj \li2481\ri0\sb14\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin2481\itap0 {\f1\fs20 Asian nation to do so. I. had joined the ranks of the exploiter, and wanted to be treated equally, but}{ }{\f1\fs20 
it did not get the racial equality clause in the League of Nations Covenant that it had asked for.2}{
\par }\pard \qj \li2553\ri0\sb165\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin2553\itap0 {\f1\fs20 Instead Japan was awaried Germany's rights in China, convicting the Alli
ed promise ofself-detennination. to the (ury of the Chinese. This episode left the Japanese with a bitter, lasting}{ }{\f1\fs20 impression that the sincerity of Westerners was no. real and that the West wanted to keep Japan}{ down.
\par }\pard \qj \li2592\ri0\sb21\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin2592\itap0 {\f1\fs20 The peace talks in far-off Europe and the entry of Japan into the League of Nations did not change}{ }{\f1\fs20 
thegoalsofJapan-s military. The Japanese Imperial Navy possessed the third largestfleet in the}{
\par }\pard \qj \li2654\ri0\sb708\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin2654\itap0 {\fs20 ' Edwin P. Hoyt, T.p.n". War: the Gn-at Pacific Conflict (Toronto, 1986), p.24}{
\par }\pard \qj \li2654\ri0\sb134\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin2654\itap0 {\fs20 2 Ibid.. p. 47}{
\par }\pard \qj \li2678\ri0\sb153\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin2678\itap0 {\f1\fs20 2}{
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {
\par }\pard \qj \li1992\ri0\sb115\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin1992\itap0 {\fs20 world and wanted to make it capable of defeating the United States.3 However limitations agreed to}{ }{\fs20 
under pressure from the other powers at the Washington Naval Conference of 1921-22 made this}{ }{\fs20 impossible. Japanese nationalists, already a powerful force, were not happy about this and resented}{ }{\fs20 
Japan's treatment by the West. Later, at the London Naval Conference of 1930, the British and the}{ }{\fs20 Americans demanded further limitations, which the Japanese saw as a serious threat to their naval}{ }{\fs20 superiority in the Pacific. 
However, after the treaty's expiration in 1936, Japan was free to pursue}{ }{\fs20 naval construction that would upset the balance of power in the Pacific.}{ }{\fs20 Another matter which caused problems between Japan and the West and which made Japan feel
}{ }{\fs20 threatened was resources and trade. Japan needed resources from abroad and needed to sell its}{ }{\fs20 manufactured goods to pay for them.4 Japan was particularly dependent on the United States for}{ }{\fs20 
important raw materials, mainly oil, of which 80 was supplied by the U.S.5 Throughout the}{ }{\fs20 1920s the two countries had shared a close economic relationship.6 When the Great Depression of}{ }{\fs20 
1929 led the U.S. to pursue protectionist policies, this relationship went sour. Japanese silk, which}{ }{\fs20 had mainly gone to the U.S. market, could no longer be sold.7 The Depression hit Japan hard. In}{ }{\fs20 
1929, 3 million workers lost their jobs. Many lost their life savings and thousands died from}{ }{\fs20 3 See Roger Dingman, Power in the Pacific: the Origins of Naval Arms Limitation. 1914-1922 (Chicago and London,}{ }{\fs20 1976), chapter 8 passim}{ }{
\fs20 4 Janet Hunter, The Emergence of Modem Japan (London and New York, 1989), p.29}{ }{\fs20 5 Christopher J. Argyle, Japan at War 1937-1945 (London, 1976), p.4}{ }{\fs20 6 Ibid. p. 90}{ }{\fs20 7 Ibid.. p. 93}{
\par }\pard \qj \li11246\ri0\sb122\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin11246\itap0 {\f1\fs20 3}{
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {
\par }\pard \qj \li1795\ri0\sb60\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin1795\itap0 {\f1\fs20 starvation.8 This had a profound effect. Many Japanese became convinced that radical action was}{ }{\f1\fs20 
needed to save Japan. Nationalist organizations, which were influential in the military, believed that}{ }{\f1\fs20 the only answer was overseas expansion and reform at home. The secret Cherry Blossom Society,}{ }{\f1\fs20 
for example, wanted a break with the West and "the restructuring of the nation even through the use}{ }{\f1\fs20 of force."9 In the 1930s, these radical nationalists were able to gain popularity by exploiting social}{ }{\f1\fs20 discontent. Betw
een 1931 and 1936, the Western-type parliamentary system was gradually}{ }{\f1\fs20 transformed into a military dictatorship.10 This period was marked by a purging of corrupt and/or}{ }{\f1\fs20 
liberal elements in government and business which came to climax in 1936 when radical officers}{ }{\f1\fs20 seized the War Ministry, the Diet, and police headquarters and assassinated the finance minister, the}{ }{\f1\fs20 
inspector-general and a former Prime Minister.'' Even though the Emperor suppressed the rebels,}{ }{\f1\fs20 there was public sympathy for their cause and a growing sense that Japan's leaders had to overcome}{ }{\f1\fs20 
their past infatuation with Western liberalism and individualism and return to Japan's unique}{ }{\f1\fs20 national character.12}{ }{\f1\fs20 Partly as a response to developments in the world and partly as a result of what it saw as Western}{ }{\f1\fs20 
racism (in the immigration acts passed in Canada, Australia and the United States which excluded}{ }{\f1\fs20 Japanese, for example), Japan had already begun to move away from internationalism after the First}{ }{\fs20 
8 Editors of Time-Life, Japan at War (Chicago, 1980), p. 13}{ }{\fs20 9 Akira Iriye, The Origins of the Second World War in Asia and the Pacific (London, 1987), p.7}{ }{\fs20 
10 William R. Keylor, The Twentieth Century World: An International History (New York, 1992), p. 241}{
\par }\pard \qj \li4\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin4\itap0 {\fs20 Ronald H. Spector, Eagle against the Sun: me American War with Japan. (New York, 1985), p.36}{ }{\fs20 '2 See Hunter, Op. Cit. pp. 174-176}{ }{\fs20 4}{
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {
\par }\pard \qj \li1843\ri0\sb1008\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin1843\itap0 {\fs22 World War. It tried to gain more and more control of China to protect its interests. In southern}{ }{\fs22 
Manchuria, there were a million Japanese settlers and a large Japanese army, the Kwantung. Japan}{ }{\fs22 also had extensive investments in Manchuria. In the 1920s, while China was weak and divided, it}{ }{\fs22 
was easy for Japan to extend its influence but when the Chinese nationalists under Chiang Kai-shek}{ }{\fs22 united the country in 1928, the Japanese military and nationalists grew alarmed. To prevent Chiang}{ }{\fs22 
Kai-shek gaining control over Manchuria, the Kwantung Army decided to take action, without}{ }{\fs22 informing Tokyo of its plans.}{ }{\fs22 On September 19, 1931, officers from the Kwantung Army set off an explosion on 
the Japanese-owned railway line in Manchuria, and blamed it on Chinese terrorists. To "protect" law and order}{ }{\fs22 and Japanese investments, the Kwantung Army moved north and south along the railway line. The}{ }{\fs22 
civilian government in Japan was too weak and indecisive to interfere. By March 1932, Japan had}{ }{\fs22 virtually seized all of Manchuria and made it into a puppet state called Manchukuo. The U.S. and}{ }{\fs22 
other countries refused to recognize Manchukuo and the League of Nations blamed Japan for the}{ }{\fs22 incident. However nothing else was done. Japan withdrew from the League. Within Japan, the}{ }{\fs22 
radical nationalists gained greater confidence and power which was going to have an impact on}{ }{\fs22 Japan's policies in the next few years13, and abroad other aggressive nations such as Germany and}{ }{\fs22 
Italy saw that the world was not prepared to stop such actions.}{ }{\f1\fs22 i3^bid..p.2^^}{
\par }\pard \qj \li11116\ri0\sb112\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin11116\itap0 {\f1\fs22 5}{
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {
\par }\pard \qj \li4\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin4\itap0 {\fs20 After 1931, the Japanese military in Manchukuo planned to extend their influence south into China}{ }{\fs20 and among other things began flooding the Chinese market wit
h cheap goods and heroin.' It looked}{ }{\fs20 like Japan intended to take over more of China and that roused tremendous nationalist feeling in}{ }{\fs20 China. Chiang Kai-shek was pressured to do something and to stop trying to exterminate the}{ }{\fs20 
Communists. In the meantime, the Chinese Communists were offering to form a united front}{ }{\fs20 against Japan. Finally, at the end of 1936 Chiang agreed to a united front. That in turn alarmed the}{ }{\fs20 
Japanese who did not want a more united China, the Japanese military, again making policy on}{ }{\fs20 their own, decided to move troops southwards into China. In the summer of 1937, a full-scale war}{ }{\fs20 
broke out between China and Japan. Japanese troops easily defeated the Chinese. They captured}{ }{\fs20 the capital of Nanking, as well as other major cities, ports and railways along the coast right down to}{ }{\fs20 
Canton in the south. The nationalist government under Chiang was forced to retreat inland.}{ }{\fs20 Chinese resistance continued, however, which caused a drain on Japan's limited oil supplies and}{ }{\fs20 kept troops tied up.}{ }{\fs20 The United St
ates, which had admired Japan before this period, now grew hostile. The American}{ }{\fs20 public saw China as the pathetic, helpless victim of Japanese aggression. As well, the U.S. was}{ }{\fs20 
worried about an Asia dominated by Japan which would threaten American commercial, imperial}{ }{\fs20 and strategic interests in the area. When the U.S. realized that Japan was not going to stop in}{ }{\fs20 
China, it started to support the Chinese nationalists. In 1938 the Americans began negotiations and}{ }{\fs20 sent aid and led a "moral" embargo against Japan. They still assumed that Japan was an inferior}{ }{\fs20 
14 Aldra Iriye, Power and Culture: the Japanese-American War (Cambridge, Mass., 1981), p. 5}{ }{\fs20 6}{
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {
\par }\pard \qj \li1958\ri0\sb74\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin1958\itap0 {\f1\fs20 nation and could be restrained through economic sanctions.15 In 1939, the U.S. told Japan that it}{ }{\f1\fs20 was going to a
brogate its treaty of commerce with Japan after January 1940 and a year later the U.S.}{ }{\f1\fs20 prohibited the export of military equipment, munitions, machine tools and planes as well as strategic}{ }{\f1\fs20 
mineral and chemicals, and iron and steel scrap.16 The outbreak of the Second World War in}{ }{\f1\fs20 September 1939, however, briefly took world attention from the Far East and that gave Japan an}{ }{\fs20 opportunity for further expansion.}{ }{
\f1\fs20 Japan had already moved closer to Nazi Germany in the years between 1936 and 1938 when Hitler}{ }{\f1\fs20 saw that Germany could benefit from a strong Japan in East Asia.17 On November 25, 1936 the two}{ }{\f1\fs20 
countries signed the Anti-Comintem Pact, which was directed against the Soviet Union, and Italy}{ }{\f1\fs20 later signed as well. Relations also improved when Germany recognized Manchukuo. In}{ }{\f1\fs20 
September 1940 the three powers, Japan, Germany and Italy, signed the Axis Alliance. Although}{ }{\f1\fs20 in fact the alliance never amounted to very much it did help to persuade the Soviet Union to sign a}{ }{\f1\fs20 
non-aggression treaty with Japan in April 1941.18 On the other hand, the Axis Alliance worked}{ }{\f1\fs20 against Japan. Japan had hoped that the Alliance would make the Americans realize that Japan was}{ }{\f1\fs20 
too powerful to stop and that the Americans would therefore give Japan a free hand in Asia. Hitler}{ }{\f1\fs20 and Mussolini also welcomed the Alliance because they thought it would neutralize the United}{
\par }\pard \qj \li1987\ri0\sb62\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin1987\itap0 {\fs20 15 Ibid., p. 15}{ }{\fs20 is jonn T. Mason, The Pacific War Remembered- an Oral History (Annapolis, Maryland, 1986), p. 4}{
\par }\pard \qj \li2001\ri0\sb84\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin2001\itap0 {\fs20 ^Keylor.QE-CiLP.K^}{ }{\fs20 is inye. The Origins of the Second World War in Asia and the Pacific, p. 133}{
\par }\pard \qj \li11265\ri0\sb50\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin11265\itap0 {\f1\fs20 7}{
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {
\par }\pard \qj \li4\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin4\itap0 {\fs20 States. In fact, it persuaded the Americans that Japan wanted to dominate Asia and they decided to}{ }{\fs20 co-operate more closely with the British and the Chinese in the Far East.19}{ }{
\fs20 Japan hoped to use the situation in Europe after the outbreak of the war to pursue its long-term goal}{ }{\fs20 of building a pan-Asian empire. Japanese nationalists had been talking about Japan's role in leading}{ }{\fs20 
all Asian peoples against the white colonial empires and in 1938 the Japanese prime minister had}{ }{\fs20 spoken about a Greater East Asian Co-Prosperity Sphere which could ultimately include all Asian}{ }{\fs20 
nations.20 In the shorter term, Japan could find the strategic resources it needed, such as oil and tin,}{ }{\fs20 in the Dutch East Indies. Malaya, Indochina, or the Philippines.21 In 1941, after France had fallen to}{ }{\fs20 
the Germans, Japan occupied important parts of French Indochina. In retaliation, the American}{ }{\fs20 President, Roosevelt, froze all Japanese assets and funds in the U.S. and cut off all trade including}{ }{\fs20 
oil. He also stepped up trade to China, hoping it would weaken Japan. Japan did not have enough}{ }{\fs20 currency to buy oil and other strategic raw materials. It only had a reserve of 55 million barrels of}{ }{\fs20 oil. which would just last
 a year and half during a war, and which was being absorbed by the}{ }{\fs20 continuing war in China.22 Japan needed an alternative source, such as the oil fields in the Dutch}{ }{\fs20 
East Indies. Otherwise it faced economic collapse. However it realized that further expansion in}{ }{\fs20 the Pacific ran the risk of confrontation with the United States, especially if the U.S.'s possession of}{ }{\fs20 
the Philippines were threatened. Japan was faced with either submitting to U.S. demands that it get}{ }{\fs20 19 Ibid.. PP. 117. 120-130}{ }{\fs20 20 See Hunter, Op. Cit. pp.51-2}{ }{\fs20 21 Mason, Op. Cit.. p. 1}{ }{\fs20 
22 John Keegan, The Rand McNallv Encyclopedia of World War u (New York, 1977), p. 131}{ }{\fs20 8}{
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {
\par }\pard \qj \li1900\ri0\sb124\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin1900\itap0 {\fs20 out of French Indochina and pull back in China or work with its German and Italian allies to build a}{ }{\fs20 new world order.23}{ }{\fs20 As talk
s with the Americans dragged on in 1941, Japan began to plan a campaign of conquest in}{ }{\fs20 southeast Asia to take over Dutch, British, and American colonies. In December 1941, the Japanese}{ }{\fs20 
attacked the American naval base at Pearl Harbor and almost at the same time attacked the}{ }{\fs20 Philippines, Malaya, the Dutch East Indies and Hong Kong. Japan realized that it had to knock the}{ }{\fs20 
United States out of the war before it could mobilize. Japan simply could not match American war}{ }{\fs20 production over a prolonged period. Already 188,000 Japanese had been killed in China, the}{ }{\fs20 
Japanese economy was being drained, and staples were being rationed in Japan.}{ }{\fs20 The attack at Pearl Harbor was preceded by several years of cold war between Japan and the United}{ }{\fs20 States. War broke out because J
apan's military leaders and their civilian supporters decided to close}{ }{\fs20 the gap and attack the United States before it got too strong.25 The Americans on their side saw}{ }{\fs20 
Japanese power as a threat to the American position in the Pacific and were not prepared to abandon}{ }{\fs20 their interests. They tried to compel Japan to mend its ways and resume its old role as a responsible}{ }{\fs20 
member of the international community. They assumed that Japan would not act rashly. At the}{ }{\fs20 same time, Japan had come to believe that it had to establish its self-sufficiency, security and}{ }{\fs20 
23 Iriye, The Origins of the Second World War in Asia and the Pacific, p. 115}{ }{\fs20 24 Editors of Time-Life, Japan at War. p.26}{ }{\fs20 25 Akira Iriye, Power and Culture, p. 1}{
\par }\pard \qj \li11164\ri0\sb98\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin11164\itap0 {\f1\fs20 9}{
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {
\par }\pard \qj \li1656\ri0\sb4077\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin1656\itap0 {\fs22 independence and that the United States and the other Western colonial powers were a threat to it.}{ }{\fs22 
The Japanese resented Western racism and blamed the West for the failure of negotiations before}{ }{\fs22 the war started. The Japanese military thought that the Western powers were too weak militarily}{ }{\fs22 
and too divided to pose much a serious challenge. They believed the main fight would be at sea}{ }{\fs22 where they had a good chance of winning. The war started not simply because Japan was}{ }{\fs22 
aggressive and the West resisted it but because over the years Japan had come to mistrust the West}{ }{\fs22 and had turned away from the international framework based on co-operation of the 1920s. Japan}{ }{\fs22 
believed that that order was not workable and so it opted for a pan-Asian order.}{ }{\fs22 10}{
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f1\fs20 
\par }} ac1aep+4d0f