{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf350
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;\f1\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat3\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid301\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid4}
{\list\listtemplateid5\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid401\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid5}
{\list\listtemplateid6\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid501\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid6}
{\list\listtemplateid7\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat0\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid601\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid7}
{\list\listtemplateid8\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid701\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid8}
{\list\listtemplateid9\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid801\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid9}
{\list\listtemplateid10\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid901\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{hyphen\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid902\'01\uc0\u8259 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{hyphen\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid903\'01\uc0\u8259 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li2160\lin2160 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{hyphen\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid904\'01\uc0\u8259 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li2880\lin2880 }{\listname ;}\listid10}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}{\listoverride\listid5\listoverridecount0\ls5}{\listoverride\listid6\listoverridecount0\ls6}{\listoverride\listid7\listoverridecount0\ls7}{\listoverride\listid8\listoverridecount0\ls8}{\listoverride\listid9\listoverridecount0\ls9}{\listoverride\listid10\listoverridecount0\ls10}}
{\info
{\title LICENCE TO USE THE MULTIMEDIA PRODUCT}
{\author ubi soft}
{\*\company ubi soft}}\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1417\margr1417\margb1417\margt1417\vieww11900\viewh16840\viewkind1
\deftab708
\pard\pardeftab708\ri-6\qc

\f0\b\fs20 \cf0 \ul \ulc0 LICENCE TO USE THE MULTIMEDIA PRODUCT\
\pard\pardeftab708\ri-6\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab708\ri-6\qj

\b0 \cf0 \ulnone Please read this Licence carefully before installing the game (\'93Multimedia Product\'94).\
This Licence is an agreement between you, the\'a0\'93User\'94, and Ubisoft Entertainment and/or its licensors and/or its beneficiaries (\'93Ubisoft\'94), which grants the User the non-exclusive and non-transferable right to use the Multimedia Product.\
By installing the Multimedia Product, the User is undertaking to respect the terms and conditions of the Licence.\
\
\pard\tx720\pardeftab708\li720\fi-360\ri-6\qj
\ls1\ilvl0
\b \cf0 1-	\ul The Licence\
\pard\pardeftab708\ri-6\qj

\b0 \cf0 \ulnone \
Ubisoft grants the User a non-exclusive and non-transferable Licence to use the Multimedia Product, but remains the owner of all the rights relating thereto.\
Any rights not specifically transferred by this Licence remain the property of Ubisoft.\
The Multimedia Product is licensed and not sold to the User, for private use.\
The Licence does not confer any right or title to the Multimedia Product and cannot be understood as a transfer of intellectual property rights to the Multimedia Product.\
\
The Multimedia Product is protected by digital rights management software (\'93DRM Software\'94).  The User hereby agrees, acknowledges and consents to the following regarding the DRM Software: (i) that the installation of the Multimedia Product will cause the DRM Software to be installed on the User\'92s computer; (ii) the DRM Software limits the number of installations of the Multimedia Product; (iii) the DRM Software installs on the User\'92s computer additional components required for copy protection; and (iv) during the installation and/or the first launch, an online connection is required to unlock the Multimedia Product through the DRM Software. For further information, please visit the DRM Software\'92s website.\
\
\pard\tx720\pardeftab708\li720\fi-360\ri-6\qj
\ls2\ilvl0
\b \cf0 2-	\ul Ownership of the Multimedia Product\
\pard\pardeftab708\ri-6\qj

\b0 \cf0 \ulnone \
The User recognises that all of the rights associated with the Multimedia Product and its components (in particular the titles, computer codes, themes, characters, character names, plots, stories, dialogues, places, concepts, images, photographs, animation, videos, music and text contained in the Multimedia Product), as well as the rights relating to the trademark, royalties and copyrights, are the property of Ubisoft and are protected by French regulations or other Laws, Treaties and international agreements concerning intellectual property.\
\
\pard\tx720\pardeftab708\li720\fi-360\ri-6\qj
\ls3\ilvl0
\b \cf0 3-	\ul Use of the Multimedia Product\
\pard\pardeftab708\ri-6\qj

\b0 \cf0 \ulnone \
The User is authorised to use the Multimedia Product in accordance with the instructions provided in the manual or on the packaging of the Multimedia Product.\
The Licence is granted solely for private use.\
\
It is not permitted:\
\pard\tx720\pardeftab708\li720\fi-360\ri-6\qj
\ls4\ilvl0
\f1 \cf0 -	
\f0 To make copies of the Multimedia Product,\
\ls4\ilvl0
\f1 -	
\f0 To operate the Multimedia Product commercially,\
\ls4\ilvl0
\f1 -	
\f0 To use it contrary to morality or the laws in force,\
\ls4\ilvl0
\f1 -	
\f0 To modify the Multimedia Product or create any derived work,\
\ls4\ilvl0
\f1 -	
\f0 To transmit the Multimedia Product via a telephone network or any other electronic means, except during multi-player games on authorised networks,\
\ls4\ilvl0
\f1 -	
\f0 To create or distribute unauthorised levels and/or scenarios,\
\ls4\ilvl0
\f1 -	
\f0 To decompile, reverse engineer or disassemble the Multimedia Product.\
\pard\pardeftab708\li360\ri-6\qj
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab708\ri-6\qj
\cf0 The User cannot sell, sublicense or lease the Multimedia Product to a third party.\
The User can only transfer the Multimedia Product if the recipient agrees to the terms and conditions of the Licence. In this event, the User undertakes to transfer all components and documentation relating to the Multimedia Product. He also undertakes to delete any copy of the Multimedia Product from his computer. In this event, this Licence is automatically and immediately terminated.\
The User acknowledges that Ubisoft may collect and use certain User data in accordance with the privacy policy accessible on the website {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.ubi.com/UK/Info/Info.aspx?tagname=PrivacyPolicy"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 http://www.ubi.com/UK/Info/Info.aspx?tagname=PrivacyPolicy}}.\
\
\pard\tx720\pardeftab708\li720\fi-360\ri-6\qj
\ls5\ilvl0
\b \cf0 4-	\ul Termination of the Licence\
\pard\pardeftab708\ri-6\qj

\b0 \cf0 \ulnone \
The Licence is effective from the first time the Multimedia Product is used.\
It is terminated automatically by Ubisoft without notice if the User fails to adhere to the terms and conditions of the Licence.\
\
\pard\tx720\pardeftab708\li720\fi-360\ri-6\qj
\ls6\ilvl0
\b \cf0 5-	\ul Warranty\
\pard\pardeftab708\ri-6\qj

\b0 \cf0 \ulnone \
Ubisoft offers Technical Support. When you call, please be as specific as you can be about the problem you are experiencing and have the below details available:\
\pard\pardeftab708\ri-6\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tx1440\pardeftab708\li1440\fi-720\ri-6\qj
\ls7\ilvl0\cf0 The name of the manufacturer of your computer system\
The brand and speed of the processor\
How much RAM you have\
The version number of windows you are using (if you aren\'92t sure, right-click on the my computer icon on your desktop and select \'91properties\'92)\
The manufacturer name and model number of your video card, modem, and sound card.\
\pard\pardeftab708\ri-6\qj
\cf0 \
Ubisoft guarantees to the original buyer of the Multimedia Product that the compact disc (CD) supplied with this Multimedia Product shall not show any fault during a normal-use period of ninety (90) days from the invoiced date of purchase, or any other longer warranty time period provided by applicable legislation.\
\
Please return any defective Multimedia Product by registered letter together with this manual and your registration card if you have not already sent it to us. Please state your full name and address (including postcode), as well as the date and location of purchase. You may also exchange the multimedia product at the place of purchase.\
\
If a disc is returned without proof of purchase or after the warranty period has expired, Ubisoft will choose either to repair or to replace it at customer expense.  This warranty is invalid if the disc has been damaged through negligence, accident or misuse, or if it has been modified after acquisition.\
\pard\pardeftab708\li357\ri-6\qj
\cf0 \
\pard\tx720\pardeftab708\li720\fi-360\ri-6\ql\qnatural
\ls8\ilvl0
\b \cf0 6-	\ul Warrantee Limitation\
\pard\pardeftab708\ri-6\qj

\b0 \cf0 \ulnone The User recognises expressly that he uses the Multimedia Product at his own risk.\
The Multimedia Product is provided as is, without any warranty other than what is laid down in Article 5 of the Licence. The User is responsible for any costs of repairing and/or correcting the multimedia product.\
To the extent of what is laid down by law, Ubisoft rejects any warranty relating to the market value of the Multimedia Product, the User\'92s satisfaction or its capacity to perform a specific use.\
The User is responsible for all risks connected with lost profit, lost data, errors and lost business or other information as a result of owning or using the multimedia product.\
As some legislations do not allow for the aforementioned warranty limitation, it is possible that it does not apply to the User.\
\
\pard\tx720\pardeftab708\li720\fi-360\ri-6\qj
\ls9\ilvl0
\b \cf0 7-	\ul Liability\
\pard\pardeftab708\ri-6\qj

\b0 \cf0 \ulnone \
In no event can Ubisoft be held liable for any direct, consequential, accidental, special, ancillary or other damages arising out of the use or inability to use the Multimedia Product, as well as out of the ownership or poor functioning thereof, even if Ubisoft has been advised of the possibility of such damages.\
In particular, Ubisoft accepts no liability regarding use of the Multimedia Product contrary to the precautions for use set out in the manual and on the packaging.\
As some legislations do not allow exemption from liability in the event of direct or incidental damages, it is possible that the aforementioned exclusion does not apply to the User.\
\pard\pardeftab708\ri-6\ql\qnatural
\cf0 This Licence to use the Multimedia Product grants specific rights to the User and he may have other rights depending on the laws in his State.\
\
\
\pard\tx2380\tx2880\pardeftab708\li2880\fi-2880\ri-6\qj
\ls10\ilvl3
\b \cf0 	MICROSOFT DirectX 9.0c\
\pard\pardeftab708\li2124\fi708\ri-6\ql\qnatural
\cf0 (AND SUBSEQUENT VERSIONS)\
\pard\pardeftab708\ri-6\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf0  \
\pard\pardeftab708\ri-6\qj
\cf0 MICROSOFT SOFTWARE LICENSE TERMS\
MICROSOFT DIRECTX END USER RUNTIME\
These license terms are an agreement between Microsoft Corporation (or based on where you live, one of its affiliates) and you.  Please read them.  They apply to the software named above, which includes the media on which you received it, if any.  The terms also apply to any Microsoft\
* updates,\
* supplements,\
* Internet-based services, and \
* support services\
for this software, unless other terms accompany those items.  If so, those terms apply.\
BY USING THE SOFTWARE, YOU ACCEPT THESE TERMS.  IF YOU DO NOT ACCEPT THEM, DO NOT USE THE SOFTWARE.\
If you comply with these license terms, you have the rights below.\
1. INSTALLATION AND USE RIGHTS.  You may install and use any number of copies of the software on your devices.\
2. SCOPE OF LICENSE.  The software is licensed, not sold. This agreement only gives you some rights to use the software.  Microsoft reserves all other rights.  Unless applicable law gives you more rights despite this limitation, you may use the software only as expressly permitted in this agreement.  In doing so, you must comply with any technical limitations in the software that only allow you to use it in certain ways.    You may not\
* work around any technical limitations in the software;\
* reverse engineer, decompile or disassemble the software, except and only to the extent that applicable law expressly permits, despite this limitation;\
* make more copies of the software than specified in this agreement or allowed by applicable law, despite this limitation;\
* publish the software for others to copy;\
* rent, lease or lend the software;\
* transfer the software or this agreement to any third party; or\
* use the software for commercial software hosting services.\
3. BACKUP COPY.  You may make one backup copy of the software.  You may use it only to reinstall the software.\
4. DOCUMENTATION.  Any person that has valid access to your computer or internal network may copy and use the documentation for your internal, reference purposes.\
5. EXPORT RESTRICTIONS.  The software is subject to United States export laws and regulations.  You must comply with all domestic and international export laws and regulations that apply to the software.  These laws include restrictions on destinations, end users and end use.  For additional information, see www.microsoft.com/exporting.\
6. SUPPORT SERVICES. Because this software is \'93as is,\'94 we may not provide support services for it.\
7. ENTIRE AGREEMENT.  This agreement, and the terms for supplements, updates, Internet-based services and support services that you use, are the entire agreement for the software and support services.\
8. APPLICABLE LAW.\
a. United States.  If you acquired the software in the United States, Washington state law governs the interpretation of this agreement and applies to claims for breach of it, regardless of conflict of laws principles.  The laws of the state where you live govern all other claims, including claims under state consumer protection laws, unfair competition laws, and in tort.\
b. Outside the United States.  If you acquired the software in any other country, the laws of that country apply.\
9. LEGAL EFFECT.  This agreement describes certain legal rights.  You may have other rights under the laws of your country.  You may also have rights with respect to the party from whom you acquired the software.  This agreement does not change your rights under the laws of your country if the laws of your country do not permit it to do so.\
10. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY.   THE SOFTWARE IS LICENSED \'93AS-IS.\'94  YOU BEAR THE RISK OF USING IT.  MICROSOFT GIVES NO EXPRESS WARRANTIES, GUARANTEES OR CONDITIONS.  YOU MAY HAVE ADDITIONAL CONSUMER RIGHTS UNDER YOUR LOCAL LAWS WHICH THIS AGREEMENT CANNOT CHANGE.  TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED UNDER YOUR LOCAL LAWS, MICROSOFT EXCLUDES THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.\
11. LIMITATION ON AND EXCLUSION OF REMEDIES AND DAMAGES.  YOU CAN RECOVER FROM MICROSOFT AND ITS SUPPLIERS ONLY DIRECT DAMAGES UP TO U.S. $5.00.  YOU CANNOT RECOVER ANY OTHER DAMAGES, INCLUDING CONSEQUENTIAL, LOST PROFITS, SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES.\
This limitation applies to\
* anything related to the software, services, content (including code) on third party Internet sites, or third party programs; and\
* claims for breach of contract, breach of warranty, guarantee or condition, strict liability, negligence, or other tort to the extent permitted by applicable law.\
It also applies even if Microsoft knew or should have known about the possibility of the damages.  The above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you because your country may not allow the exclusion or limitation of incidental, consequential or other damages.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab708\ri-6\qc

\b \cf0 Microsoft Visual C++ 2005 SP1 Redistributable Package \
(AND SUBSEQUENT VERSIONS)\
\pard\pardeftab708\ri-6\qj
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab708\ri-6\qj

\b0 \cf0 MICROSOFT SOFTWARE LICENSE TERMS\
MICROSOFT VISUAL C++ 2005 RUNTIME LIBRARIES (AND SUBSEQUENT VERSIONS)\
These license terms are an agreement between Microsoft Corporation (or based on where you live, one of its affiliates) and you.  Please read them.  They apply to the software named above, which includes the media on which you received it, if any.  The terms also apply to any Microsoft\
* updates,\
* supplements,\
* Internet-based services, and \
* support services\
for this software, unless other terms accompany those items.  If so, those terms apply.\
By using the software, you accept these terms.  If you do not accept them, do not use the software.\
If you comply with these license terms, you have the rights below.\
1. INSTALLATION AND USE RIGHTS.  You may install and use any number of copies of the software on your devices.\
2. SCOPE OF LICENSE.  The software is licensed, not sold. This agreement only gives you some rights to use the software.  Microsoft reserves all other rights.  Unless applicable law gives you more rights despite this limitation, you may use the software only as expressly permitted in this agreement.  In doing so, you must comply with any technical limitations in the software that only allow you to use it in certain ways.    You may not\
* disclose the results of any benchmark tests of the software to any third party without Microsoft\'92s prior written approval;\
* work around any technical limitations in the software;\
* reverse engineer, decompile or disassemble the software, except and only to the extent that applicable law expressly permits, despite this limitation;\
* make more copies of the software than specified in this agreement or allowed by applicable law, despite this limitation;\
* publish the software for others to copy;\
* rent, lease or lend the software;\
* transfer the software or this agreement to any third party; or\
* use the software for commercial software hosting services.\
3. BACKUP COPY.  You may make one backup copy of the software.  You may use it only to reinstall the software.\
4. DOCUMENTATION.  Any person that has valid access to your computer or internal network may copy and use the documentation for your internal, reference purposes.\
5. EXPORT RESTRICTIONS.  The software is subject to United States export laws and regulations.  You must comply with all domestic and international export laws and regulations that apply to the software.  These laws include restrictions on destinations, end users and end use.  For additional information, see www.microsoft.com/exporting.\
6. SUPPORT SERVICES. Because this software is \'93as is,\'94 we may not provide support services for it.\
7. ENTIRE AGREEMENT.  This agreement, and the terms for supplements, updates, Internet-based services and support services that you use, are the entire agreement for the software and support services.\
8. APPLICABLE LAW.\
a. United States.  If you acquired the software in the United States, Washington state law governs the interpretation of this agreement and applies to claims for breach of it, regardless of conflict of laws principles.  The laws of the state where you live govern all other claims, including claims under state consumer protection laws, unfair competition laws, and in tort.\
b. Outside the United States.  If you acquired the software in any other country, the laws of that country apply.\
9. LEGAL EFFECT.  This agreement describes certain legal rights.  You may have other rights under the laws of your country.  You may also have rights with respect to the party from whom you acquired the software.  This agreement does not change your rights under the laws of your country if the laws of your country do not permit it to do so.\
10. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY.   The software is licensed \'93as-is.\'94  You bear the risk of using it.  Microsoft gives no express warranties, guarantees or conditions.  You may have additional consumer rights under your local laws which this agreement cannot change.  To the extent permitted under your local laws, Microsoft excludes the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement.\
11. LIMITATION ON AND EXCLUSION OF REMEDIES AND DAMAGES.   You can recover from Microsoft and its suppliers only direct damages up to U.S. $5.00.  You cannot recover any other damages, including consequential, lost profits, special, indirect or incidental damages.\
This limitation applies to\
* anything related to the software, services, content (including code) on third party Internet sites, or third party programs; and\
* claims for breach of contract, breach of warranty, guarantee or condition, strict liability, negligence, or other tort to the extent permitted by applicable law.\
It also applies even if Microsoft knew or should have known about the possibility of the damages.  The above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you because your country may not allow the exclusion or limitation of incidental, consequential or other damages.\
\pard\pardeftab708\ri-6\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 \
PUNKBUSTER\
\pard\pardeftab708\ri-6\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab708\ri-6\qj
\cf0 SOFTWARE LICENSE AGREEMENT\
\
The terms of this Software License Agreement (this "Agreement") shall apply to all versions, editions, and future updates of PunkBuster software and constitute a legal agreement between you (the "Licensee") and Even Balance, Inc. (the "Licensor").\
\
BY INSTALLING, ENABLING OR USING PUNKBUSTER SOFTWARE, THE LICENSEE IS CONSENTING TO BE BOUND BY AND IS BECOMING A PARTY TO THIS AGREEMENT. IF LICENSEE DOES NOT AGREE TO ALL OF THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT, ACCEPTANCE MUST NOT BE SPECIFIED BELOW AND LICENSEE MUST NOT INSTALL OR USE THE SOFTWARE.\
\
EVEN BALANCE, INC. RESERVES ALL RIGHTS NOT SPECIFICALLY GRANTED HEREIN.\
\
Licensor grants Licensee a non-exclusive and non-transferable license to use PunkBuster software only for non-commercial entertainment purposes. Licensee may not disassemble, decompile, reverse engineer, redistribute (in any form), create derivative works of, or modify PunkBuster software in any way. Licensor reserves the right to terminate the license at any time and for any reason, or no reason at all, and without notice to licensee. Additionally, upon breach of any term of this Agreement, the license granted under this Agreement shall automatically terminate without any additional notice to Licensee. Upon termination of the license, Licensee shall destroy all copies of PunkBuster software in Licensee's possession.\
\
Licensee acknowledges that PunkBuster software is optional and is not a requirement in any respect for using or enjoying games that integrate PunkBuster software technology. Licensee also acknowledges and agrees that PunkBuster software is self-updating, which means that future updates will, from time to time and without any notice, automatically be downloaded and installed as a normal and expected function of PunkBuster software. Licensee further acknowledges and accepts that PunkBuster software may be considered invasive. Licensee understands that PunkBuster software inspects and reports information about the computer on which it is installed to other connected computers and Licensee agrees to allow PunkBuster software to inspect and report such information about the computer on which Licensee installs PunkBuster software. Licensee understands and agrees that the information that may be inspected and reported by PunkBuster software includes, but is not limited to, Licensee's Internet Protocol Address, devices and any files residing on the hard-drive and in the memory of the computer on which PunkBuster software is installed.\'a0 Licensee acknowledges and agrees that if Licensee does not want Licensor to collect and process such information, Licensee should not use the PunkBuster software.\'a0 Further, Licensee consents to allow PunkBuster software to transfer actual screenshots taken of Licensee's computer during the operation of PunkBuster software for possible publication. Licensee understands that the purpose and goal of PunkBuster is to ensure a cheat-free environment for all participants in online games. Licensee agrees that the invasive nature of PunkBuster software is necessary to meet this purpose and goal. Licensee agrees that any harm or lack of privacy resulting from the installation and use of PunkBuster software is not as valuable to Licensee as the potential ability to play interactive online games with the benefits afforded by using PunkBuster software.\
\
Licensee agrees not to export or re-export into any country subject to U.S. trade sanctions or to which the U.S. has embargoed goods or to any nationals or residents of such countries unless such nationals are permanent residents of a country that is not subject either to such sanctions or embargoed goods. LICENSEE AGREES NOT TO DOWNLOAD, INSTALL, OR USE PUNKBUSTER SOFTWARE IN A COUNTRY OR LOCALE WHERE SUCH ACTION WOULD VIOLATE ANY LAW OR ORDINANCE. \
\
This Software License Agreement shall be construed in accordance with and governed by the applicable laws of the State of Texas and applicable United States federal law. Exclusive venue for all litigation regarding this Agreement shall be in Harris County, Texas. Licensee agrees that any portion of this Agreement found to be invalid or unenforceable shall be modified, to the extent allowed by law, so as to allow for the enforcement of the original intended meaning of the portion found to be invalid or unenforceable.\
\
PUNKBUSTER SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, AND WITHOUT LIMITATION, THAT IT IS FREE OF DEFECTS, FIT FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR THAT IT IS MERCHANTABLE. LICENSOR DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THE OPERATION OF PUNKBUSTER SOFTWARE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE OR THAT IT WILL MEET LICENSEE'S SPECIFIC REQUIREMENTS OR DESIRES. LICENSEE AGREES THAT NEITHER EVEN BALANCE, INC., ITS OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, SHAREHOLDERS, EMPLOYEES, CONTRACTORS, LICENSORS, BUSINESS PARTNERS, SUCCESSORS NOR ASSIGNS SHALL BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM WHATSOEVER INVOLVING PUNKBUSTER SOFTWARE IN ANY WAY. FURTHERMORE, SHOULD ANY VERSION OF PUNKBUSTER SOFTWARE, INCLUDING FUTURE VERSIONS, PROVE DEFECTIVE IN ANY WAY, LICENSEE ASSUMES THE ENTIRE COST, IF ANY, OF LOSS OR DAMAGE OF ANY TYPE AND TO ANY DEGREE. THIS WARRANTY DISCLAIMER SHALL SURVIVE TERMINATION OF THE LICENSE OF PUNKBUSTER SOFTWARE BY LICENSEE, REGARDLESS OF WHETHER THE LICENSE IS TERMINATED BY EVENBALANCE, INC. OR LICENSEE.\
\
This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between Licensor and Licensee and supercedes any prior statements, whether written or oral.\
\
\
\
}    5\\3e
e3b