{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1 \deff18\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f18\froman\fcharset238\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}CG Times{\*\falt Times New Roman};}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;
\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\widctlpar\adjustright \f18\fs20 \snext0 Normal;}{\s1\keepn\widctlpar\tx360\tx634\tx994\tx1354\tx6120\adjustright 
\f18\fs20\ul \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 1;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}{\s15\widctlpar\adjustright \f18\fs20 \sbasedon0 \snext15 endnote text;}{\s16\widctlpar\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640\adjustright \f18\fs20 \sbasedon0 \snext16 footer;}{
\s17\widctlpar\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640\adjustright \f18\fs20 \sbasedon0 \snext17 header;}{\s18\qj\widctlpar\tx360\tx6120\adjustright \f18\fs20 \sbasedon0 \snext18 Body Text;}}{\info{\title ANNEX A TO 28 BW OPLAN 32-1}{\author Pre-installed User}
{\operator Pre-installed User}{\creatim\yr1998\mo10\dy15\hr14\min21}{\revtim\yr1999\mo4\dy14\hr23\min59}{\printim\yr1999\mo4\dy14\hr23\min59}{\version7}{\edmins35}{\nofpages7}{\nofwords2194}{\nofchars12507}{\*\company Pre-installed Company}{\nofcharsws0}
{\vern113}}\margl1080\margr1080\margt720\margb720 \widowctrl\ftnbj\aendnotes\ftnnrlc\aftnnar\noextrasprl\prcolbl\cvmme\sprsspbf\brkfrm\swpbdr\hyphcaps0\fracwidth\viewkind1\viewscale100 \fet0\sectd \linex0\sectdefaultcl {\header \pard\plain 
\s17\li5472\widctlpar\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640\adjustright \f18\fs20 {\f0 Headquarters, 28th Bomb Wing (ACC)
\par Ellsworth AFB, South Dakota  57706-5000
\par 15 Apr 1999
\par }{
\par }}{\footer \pard\plain \s16\qc\widctlpar\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640\adjustright \f18\fs20 {A - }{\field{\*\fldinst {PAGE}}{\fldrslt {\lang1024 7}}}{
\par }}{\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}
{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \s1\keepn\widctlpar\tx360\tx634\tx994\tx1354\tx6120\outlinelevel0\adjustright \f18\fs20\ul {
ANNEX A TO 28 BW OPLAN 32-1
\par }\pard\plain \qj\widctlpar\tx360\tx634\tx994\tx1354\tx6120\adjustright \f18\fs20 {\f0 MAJOR PEACETIME ACCIDENTS
\par 
\par REFERENCES:  See Basic Plan.
\par 
\par }\pard \widctlpar\tx360\tx634\tx994\tx1354\tx6120\adjustright {\f0 1.  }{\f0\ulw SITUATION:}{\f0 
  Mishaps involving Air Force resources may happen anytime on or in the vicinity of Ellsworth AFB.  These accidents may include but are not limited to nuclear material/components, hazardous materials, toxic liqui
ds, aircraft, space shuttle, and Air Force vehicles.  This annex defines procedures to be used by the Disaster Response Force (DRF). Operations outlined in this annex include Ellsworth AFB and off-base areas for which Ellsworth AFB is the nearest military
 installation.  Civil requests for military assistance at off-base accidents may occur at anytime.
\par 
\par 2.   }{\f0\ul PRIMARY FORCES:
\par }{\f0 
\par }\pard \widctlpar\tx360\tx630\tx994\tx1354\tx6120\adjustright {\f0 \tab a.  Command Post (CP) - Headed by  the 28th Bomb Wing Commander (28 BW/CC) or designated representative.  Will  normally consist of re
presentatives from the same offices which are on the On-Scene Disaster Control Group (OSDCG).
\par }\pard \widctlpar\tx360\tx634\tx994\tx1354\tx6120\adjustright {\f0 
\par \tab b.  DRF - Consists of all forces the commander uses in response to a disaster.  This force has the capability to lessen the effects of a disaster and establish command and control of the situation.  The DRF consists of the following two elements:

\par 
\par \tab \tab (1)  Initial Response Element (IRE) - Those forces that respond immediately to perform life-saving, fire suppression, containment actions and emergency evacuation of 
personnel and equipment.  This force consists of the On-Scene Commander, Fire Department, medical personnel, and Security Forces. 
\par 
\par \tab \tab (2)  Follow-On Element (FOE) - Those forces necessary to advise and assist the OSC in controlling and recovering from the 
situation.  Will consist of the OSDCG which may include any of the specialized teams, unit control centers, or representatives from other agencies as the OSC deems necessary.
\par 
\par \tab c.  OSDCG - The 28th Support Group Commander (28 SPTG/CC) or designated represe
ntative will serve as the OSC.  The OSC may designate specific OSDCG agencies to respond to the entry control point (ECP) and add to, dismiss, or put other members on standby.
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s18\widctlpar\tx360\tx990\tx1350\adjustright \f18\fs20 {\tab \tab (a)  \tab Fire Department - Fire Chief acts as the OSC until fires are contained 
and immediate life-saving actions are completed.  Will normally designate the initial ECP location.  Will provide technical advice in hazardous materials (HAZMAT) cleanup.
\par }\pard\plain \widctlpar\tx360\tx634\tx990\tx1354\tx1440\tx6120\adjustright \f18\fs20 {\f0 
\par }\pard\plain \s18\widctlpar\tx360\tx990\tx1350\tx6120\adjustright \f18\fs20 {\tab \tab (b) \tab Security Forces - Security Forces sets up cordon and mans ECP.
\par }\pard\plain \widctlpar\tx360\tx634\tx990\tx1354\tx1440\tx6120\adjustright \f18\fs20 {\f0 
\par }\pard\plain \s18\widctlpar\tx360\tx990\tx1350\tx6120\adjustright \f18\fs20 {\tab \tab (c)  \tab Medical - Medical Services Officer renders medical aid as required; keeps OSC informed regarding casualties.
\par }\pard\plain \widctlpar\tx360\tx634\tx990\tx1354\tx1440\tx6120\adjustright \f18\fs20 {\f0 
\par }\pard \widctlpar\tx360\tx990\tx1350\tx6120\adjustright {\f0 \tab \tab (d)  \tab Disaster Preparedness - Assist the OSC as needed; operates and sets up the Mobile Command Post (MCP).
\par }\pard \widctlpar\tx360\tx634\tx990\tx1354\tx1440\tx6120\adjustright {\f0 
\par }\pard \widctlpar\tx360\tx990\tx1350\tx1440\tx6120\adjustright {\f0 \tab \tab (e)  \tab Bioenvironmental Engineer - Advises OSC on hazards associated with particular accident.
\par }\pard \widctlpar\tx360\tx634\tx990\tx1354\tx1440\tx6120\adjustright {\f0 
\par }\pard \widctlpar\tx360\tx990\tx1354\tx1440\tx6120\adjustright {\f0 \tab \tab (f)  \tab 
Civil Engineer - Base Civil Engineer (BCE) provides OSC with information regarding utilities as required and advises on hazardous pollutants, oil spills, recovery capabilities, and toxic waste/chemical response actions.
\par }\pard \widctlpar\tx360\tx634\tx990\tx1354\tx1440\tx6120\adjustright {\f0 
\par }\pard\plain \s18\widctlpar\tx360\tx990\tx1350\adjustright \f18\fs20 {\tab \tab (g)  \tab Operations/Maintenance Representative - Provides OSC with information on aircraft/aircraft activities.
\par }\pard\plain \widctlpar\tx360\tx634\tx990\tx1354\tx1440\tx6120\adjustright \f18\fs20 {\f0 
\par }\pard \widctlpar\tx360\tx990\tx1350\tx6120\adjustright {\f0 \tab \tab (h)}{\f0\ulw   \tab }{\f0 Explosive Ordnance Disposal Representative - Advises OSC on explosives and render safe activities.
\par }\pard \widctlpar\tx360\tx634\tx990\tx1354\tx1440\tx6120\adjustright {\f0 
\par }\pard \widctlpar\tx360\tx990\tx1350\tx6120\adjustright {\f0 \tab \tab (i)  \tab Chaplain - Provides religious support.
\par }\pard \widctlpar\tx360\tx634\tx990\tx1354\tx1440\tx6120\adjustright {\f0 \tab 
\par }\pard \widctlpar\tx360\tx990\tx1350\tx6120\adjustright {\f0 \tab \tab (j)  \tab Judge Advocate - Provides legal support.
\par }\pard \widctlpar\tx360\tx634\tx990\tx1354\tx1440\tx6120\adjustright {\f0 
\par }\pard\plain \s18\widctlpar\tx360\tx990\tx1350\tx6120\adjustright \f18\fs20 {\tab \tab (k)  Family Support Center-Provides crisis support and assistance. 
\par }\pard \s18\widctlpar\tx360\tx990\tx6120\adjustright {
\par }\pard \s18\widctlpar\tx360\tx990\tx1350\tx6120\adjustright {\tab \tab (l)  \tab Communications Representative - Provides phone communication and/or other communication support.
\par }\pard\plain \widctlpar\tx360\tx634\tx990\tx1354\tx1440\tx6120\adjustright \f18\fs20 {\f0 
\par \tab \tab \tab (m)\tab Mortuary Representative - Conducts search and recovery of casualties and mortuary services.
\par 
\par \tab \tab \tab (n)  \tab Public Affairs - Conducts news briefings and releases.
\par 
\par \tab \tab \tab (o)  \tab Weather - Provides current weather reports and toxic cordon. \tab \tab \tab \tab 
\par \tab \tab \tab 
\par \tab \tab \tab (p)  \tab Transportation - Provides vehicles and equipment.
\par 
\par \tab \tab \tab (q)  \tab Contracting - Supports on- or off-base accidents as required.
\par 
\par \tab \tab \tab (r)  \tab Safety - Advises OSC on all safety issues.
\par 
\par \tab \tab \tab (s)  \tab Alert Photographer - Provides photographic support to OSC and aircraft accident investigation board.
\par \tab \tab \tab 
\par \tab \tab \tab (t)  \tab Other agencies - As needed, to include civilian agencies if an off-base accident.
\par }\pard \widctlpar\tx360\tx634\tx994\tx1354\tx1440\tx6120\adjustright {\f0 
\par \tab d.  Headquarters Air Combat Command (HQ ACC) Service Response Force (SRF).
\par 
\par \tab e.  HQ ACC Disaster Support Group - Provides support to the Initial Response Base and the SRF.
\par 
\par \tab f.  Control Centers - Notify personnel and provide material and information as needed.
\par 
\par 3.  }{\f0\ul ASSUMPTIONS:
\par 
\par }{\f0 \tab a.  All affected agencies have trained primary and alternate personnel with checklists to respond.
\par 
\par \tab b.  Personnel are trained and available for the Disaster Preparedness Support Team.
\par 
\par \tab c.  Decontamination teams are available, trained, and equipped.
\par 
\par \tab d.  HAZMAT Teams are available, trained, and equipped.
\par 
\par \tab e.  Ellsworth AFB is closest response base to the accident.
\par 
\par }\pard \widctlpar\tx360\tx634\tx994\tx1354\tx6120\adjustright {\f0 4.  }{\f0\ul MISSION:}{\f0   To protect and restore primary Air Force resources from the effects of an accident by protecting life,  environment, and property.
\par }\pard \widctlpar\tx360\tx634\tx994\tx1354\tx1440\tx6120\adjustright {\f0 \tab 
\par 5.   }{\f0\ul EXECUTION:
\par 
\par }{\f0 \tab a.  The IRE is placed on standby during all potential emergency situations and hazardous operations for immediate response.
\par 
\par \tab b.  The IRE will always respond to an actual emergency.  The FOE will respond as directed by the OSC.
\par 
\par \tab c.  The OSC is responsible for all military actions.
\par 
\par \tab d.  Requests from civil authorities will be forwarded to the Ellsworth CP (other than those covered in existing agreements).  Response to incidents not involving Department of Defense (DoD) resources wil
l not be accomplished until authorized by Air Force National Security Emergency Preparedness (AFNSEP), Fort McPherson, Georgia, and approved by HQ ACC, unless immediate action is required to prevent the loss of life, extreme suffering, or loss of property
.
\par 
\par \tab e.  Major accident response phases:
\par 
\par \tab \tab (1)  Notification:  Consists of all actions taken to advise nonessential personnel to evacuate the accident area and to notify the DRF and higher headquarters.
\par 
\par \tab \tab \tab (a)  Personnel observing the accident, report the accident and initiate evacuating the area.
\par 
\par \tab \tab \tab (b)  Accidents are reported to the Ellsworth AFB CP.
\par 
\par \tab \tab \tab (c)  The 28 BW/CC, through the Ellsworth AFB CP, activates the DRF.  The CP upchannels the information to higher headquarters.
\par 
\par \tab \tab \tab (d)  ALPHA Conference Net will be used for aircraft inflight emergencies and disasters.
\par 
\par \tab \tab (2)  Response:  Consists of all actions taken to respond, suppress, or contain the accident, including command and control at the scene.
\par 
\par \tab \tab 
(3)  Withdrawal:  Accomplish when forces engaged in combating the accident are in immediate danger.  The fire chief determines the need for and announces withdrawal.  Withdrawal is sounded using all available means, i.e., sirens, horns, public address 
systems, radio transmissions, etc.  Personnel in and around the accident scene immediately withdraw to a safe distance upwind or crosswind, dismount from vehicle, and take cover.  Personnel at the ECP take cover.  Personnel remain under cover until the da
nger has subsided.  Entry back into the accident site is normally restricted until an initial reconnaissance has been accomplished, except when reentry is necessary to save lives.
\par 
\par \tab \tab (4)  Recovery:  Consists of all actions necessary to recover from the acci
dent.  Recovery may take from a few days to several months depending on the nature and severity of the accident.  Recovery begins with an Initial Reconnaissance Team (IRT) entering the area to determine the situation and hazards.  A detailed plan may be r
equired.  If so, use the checklist provided in AFI 32-4004, Attachment 2, as a guide in developing a recovery plan.  In the case of an aircraft mishap, actions will be taken IAW AFI 91-204 (EAFBI 91-201).
\par 
\par \tab f.  Response to off-base military accidents:
\par 
\par \tab \tab (1)  The IRE responds (without delay) when the accident site can be reached in time to take containment actions.  The needed FOE assembles and convoys to the accident scene.
\par 
\par \tab \tab (2)  If the IRE cannot reach the accident site in time to take containment action
s, assistance is requested from the nearest civilian community to provide fire, medical, and security assistance.  Civilian agencies have primary control at off-base accidents.
\par 
\par \tab g.  Cordon Requirements:  All major accidents require an initial 4,000 foot c
ordon.  Once the actual situation is determined and the hazards are known, the cordon size may be adjusted.  The OSC determines the actual cordon size based on known information and the advice from key OSDCG members; i.e., fire chief, bioenvironmental eng
ineer, explosive ordnance disposal (EOD), or munitions experts.
\par 
\par \tab \tab (1)  Industrial Chemicals:  As specified in Department of Transportation Pamphlet (DOTP) 5800.6, Emergency Response Guidebook.  Once the type of chemical has been identified from placards or
 other means, and the size of the spill is determined, the appropriate actions will be taken.
\par 
\par \tab \tab (2)  Explosives:  As specified in technical data.
\par 
\par 6.  }{\f0\ul ADMINISTRATION AND LOGISTICS:
\par 
\par }{\f0 \tab 
a.  Tasked units will predetermine the logistical supplies and checklists needed to support tasks within this plan and take action to procure those items. All base resources will be used to the extent necessary to contain/recover from the situation.

\par 
\par \tab b.  Documentation of support during disaster situations, especially assistance to civilian emergencies, will be IAW AFI 10-213 and AFR 172-2V1, as supplemented.
\par 
\par \tab c.  Actions are not sequential and all actions may not apply, but should be considered:\tab \tab \tab 
\par 
\par \tab 
\par ACTION\tab     \tab \tab \tab OPR\tab \tab 
\par \tab \tab (1)\tab Request assistance from the nearest civilian\tab BATTLE STAFF\tab \tab 
\par community within the five-state area and the\tab COMMAND POST\tab \tab \tab 
\par nearest military installation when fire, medical,\tab 
\par or security support is needed off base.\tab \tab 
\par 
\par \tab \tab (2)  Obtain EOD response/support.\tab COMMAND POST\tab \tab 
\par 
\par \tab \tab (3)\tab Initiate DRF response.\tab COMMAND POST\tab \tab 
\par \tab 
\par \tab \tab (4)\tab Obtain helicopter support for IRE.\tab COMMAND POST\tab \tab 
\par 
\par \tab \tab (5)\tab Respond immediately to the accident scene.\tab CEF, SFS, MDG\tab \tab 
\par 
\par \tab \tab (6)  Activate the OSDCG.\tab OSC\tab \tab 
\par 
\par \tab \tab (7)\tab If conditions warrant, direct personnel at\tab CEF\tab \tab \tab 
\par the ECP to take cover and inform the command\tab \tab \tab 
\par post when withdrawal is declared.
\par 
\par \tab \tab (8)\tab Assess the situation.\tab CEF\tab \tab  
\par 
\par \tab \tab (9)\tab Direct emergency actions at the site.\tab CEF\tab \tab 
\par 
\par \tab \tab (10)\tab  Perform OSC duties until the designated\tab CEF\tab \tab \tab 
\par OSC arrives.
\par 
\par \tab \tab (11)\tab  Coordinate with local fire officials.\tab CEF\tab \tab \tab 
\par (Off-base Accidents)\tab 
\par 
\par \tab \tab (12)\tab  Assemble the OSDCG at the direction\tab COMMAND POST, CEX\tab \tab \tab 
\par of the OSC.\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab 
\par 
\par \tab \tab (13)\tab  Advise the OSC/Battle Staff on the status of\tab MDG\tab \tab \tab 
\par casualties.
\par 
\par \tab \tab (14)\tab  Coordinate medical on-scene support with local\tab MDG\tab \tab \tab 
\par authorities.  (Off-base accidents)\tab \tab 
\par 
\par \tab \tab (15)\tab  Advise the OSC on environmental matters.\tab CEV/BIO \tab \tab \tab \tab 
\par 
\par \tab \tab (16)\tab  Announce evacuation within the cordon.\tab SFS, CEF\tab \tab 
\par 
\par \tab \tab (17)\tab  Adjust the cordon size upon OSC's direction.\tab SFS\tab \tab 
\par 
\par \tab \tab (18)\tab  Establish a National Defense Area (NDA),\tab SFS, JA\tab \tab \tab 
\par if required.  (Off-base accidents)\tab \tab 
\par 
\par \tab \tab (19)\tab  Relay ECP coordinates for dissemination.\tab CEF, OSC, CEX\tab 
\par \tab 
\par \tab \tab (20)\tab  Evacuate aircraft and equipment from the\tab OG, LG\tab \tab \tab 
\par cordon area.
\par 
\par \tab \tab (21)\tab  Provide lite-all units at the ECP/accident scene.\tab MXS, LGMG, AGE\tab 
\par \tab \tab 
\par }\pard\plain \s16\widctlpar\tx630\tx6120\adjustright \f18\fs20 {\f0 \tab }{(22)  Provide emergency supplies and equipment.\tab SUPS/CC
\par }\pard\plain \qj\widctlpar\tx576\adjustright \f18\fs20 {
\par }\pard \li630\widctlpar\tx360\tx634\tx994\tx1354\tx1440\tx6120\adjustright {(23)  Make POL available to support emergency operations.\tab SUPS/CC
\par 
\par }{\f0 (24)\tab  Provide technical guidance on explosive\tab EOD\tab \tab \tab 
\par }\pard \widctlpar\tx360\tx634\tx994\tx1354\tx1440\tx6120\adjustright {\f0 components; i.e., possible hazards and\tab \tab \tab 
\par fragment distance.\tab \tab 
\par 
\par \tab \tab (25)\tab  Provide assistance to the EOD teams.\tab MUNITIONS\tab \tab 
\par 
\par \tab \tab (26)\tab  Advise the OSC of buildings and utilities\tab CES\tab \tab \tab 
\par affected by the accident.\tab \tab 
\par 
\par \tab \tab (27)\tab Take actions to shut down utilities and\tab CES\tab \tab \tab 
\par close drains.\tab \tab 
\par 
\par \tab \tab (28)\tab  Ensure any release of information is coordinated\tab PA\tab \tab \tab 
\par with the installation commander and the OSC\tab \tab \tab 
\par prior to release, IAW AFI 35-102.\tab \tab 
\par 
\par \tab \tab (29)\tab  Establish a news media center.\tab PA\tab \tab 
\par 
\par \tab \tab (30)\tab  Provide PA representative to the EAFB CP.\tab PA\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab 
\par 
\par \tab \tab (31)\tab  Provide escort to media personnel.\tab PA\tab \tab 
\par 
\par \tab \tab (32)\tab  Coordinate the establishment of the interim\tab SE\tab \tab \tab 
\par safety investigation board.\tab \tab 
\par 
\par \tab \tab (33)\tab  Provide initial reporting IAW AFI 91-204.\tab SE\tab \tab 
\par 
\par \tab \tab (34)\tab  Provide information (including accident/ECP\tab OSS/OSA\tab \tab \tab 
\par grid coordinates and wind speed/direction)\tab \tab \tab 
\par via the Secondary Crash Net.\tab \tab 
\par 
\par \tab \tab (35)\tab  Provide a transportation officer, when required.\tab TRANS\tab \tab 
\par 
\par \tab \tab (36)\tab  Provide transportation support:\tab TRANS\tab \tab \tab 
\par \tab 
\par \tab \tab \tab (a)  Bus for OSDCG\tab \tab \tab 
\par \tab 
\par \tab \tab \tab (b)  Bus for DPST\tab \tab \tab 
\par \tab 
\par \tab \tab \tab (c)  Vehicle to transport equipment\tab \tab \tab 
\par \tab 
\par \tab \tab \tab (d)  Vehicles upon request of the OSC\tab \tab 
\par 
\par \tab \tab (37)\tab  Provide government credit.  (off base)\tab AFO
\par 
\par \tab \tab (38)\tab  Provide vehicle maintenance support.\tab TRANS\tab \tab \tab 
\par (Off-base accidents)\tab \tab 
\par 
\par \tab \tab (39)\tab  Provide legal support.  (off-base accidents)\tab JA\tab \tab 
\par 
\par \tab \tab (40)\tab  Maintain an accident response kit IAW\tab JA\tab \tab \tab 
\par AFI 51-101.\tab 
\par 
\par \tab \tab (41)\tab  Perform duties related to legal and claims\tab JA\tab \tab \tab 
\par aspect of a major accident.\tab \tab 
\par 
\par \tab \tab (42)\tab  Provide weather information and toxic corridor\tab OSS/OSW \tab \tab \tab 
\par updates to the command post and to the OSC.\tab \tab 
\par 
\par \tab \tab (43)\tab  Recall on- and off-duty OSDCG members and\tab CONTROL CENTERS\tab 
\par specialized teams.\tab \tab 
\par 
\par \tab \tab (44)\tab  Dispatch specialized teams.\tab CE, CEX, MDG, CONTROL CENTERS\tab \tab 
\par \tab \tab (45)\tab  Maintain contact with OSDCG members.\tab CONTROL CENTERS\tab \tab 
\par 
\par \tab \tab (46)\tab  Plot the accident location (if on base) and direct\tab CEF \tab \tab \tab 
\par unit personnel inside the cordon to evacuate.\tab \tab 
\par 
\par \tab \tab (47)\tab  Plot and pass initial accident coordinates via the\tab CEF, OSC\tab \tab \tab 
\par primary crash net.\tab \tab 
\par 
\par \tab \tab (48)\tab  Advise aircraft in the area of any over-flight\tab OSAT, OSAR\tab \tab \tab 
\par restrictions.
\par \tab \tab 
\par \tab \tab (49)\tab  Provide support to safety investigation board.\tab OSC\tab \tab 
\par 
\par \tab \tab (50)\tab  Develop a recovery plan and direct recovery\tab OSC\tab \tab \tab 
\par actions.\tab \tab 
\par 
\par \tab \tab (51)\tab  Provide peacetime emergency sheltering.\tab OSC, SVS, CEH
\par 
\par 5.  COMMAND AND COMMUNICATIONS\tab 
\par 
\par \tab a.  28 BW/CP is the focal point for Ellsworth AFB accident response.  Basement of bldg 7506, 1820 Vandenburg Ct. is the alternate CP.\tab 
\par 
\par \tab b. Control Tower will activate the primary crash net for inflight emergencies.  Base Operations will activate the secondary crash net when conditions warrant.\tab \tab 
\par 
\par \tab \tab (1)  \tab Primary crash net responders are:\tab \tab \tab 
\par \tab \tab 
\par \tab \tab \tab Base Operations
\par \tab \tab \tab Fire Department
\par \tab \tab \tab Medical Group
\par }\pard \widctlpar\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx3600\tx6120\tx6480\adjustright {\f0 \tab \tab 
\par \tab \tab (2)  Secondary crash net responders are:\tab \tab 
\par \tab 
\par \tab Fire Department\tab Medical Group\tab \tab Security Forces\tab \tab 
\par \tab Transportation\tab Civil Engineer\tab \tab Maintenance\tab \tab 
\par \tab Mortuary Affairs\tab Chaplain\tab \tab Support Group Commander\tab 
\par \tab Safety\tab \tab \tab Public Affairs\tab \tab Weather
\par \tab Mobility Ops Center\tab Disaster Preparedness\tab \tab Munitions Storage Area\tab \tab 
\par \tab Comm Job Control\tab Judge Advocate\tab \tab Command Post
\par 
\par 28 BW/CC, through the Ellsworth AFB CP, activates the DRF.  The command post upchannels information to higher headquarters.  Hotel Conference Net will be used for all aircraft inflight emergencies.
\par 
\par \tab 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par Alpha Conference Net responders are:\tab \tab 
\par \tab 
\par \tab Alpha----BW/CC\tab RAPCON (as needed)\tab \tab 
\par \tab Bravo----BW/CV\tab Tower (as needed) \tab \tab 
\par \tab Charlie---OG/CC\tab X-Ray---------MDG/CC \tab \tab 
\par \tab Delta-----LG/CC\tab Weather\tab \tab \tab \tab 
\par \tab Foxtrot---SOF\tab Saber----------BW/DS\tab \tab 
\par \tab Kilo------SPTG/CC\tab Echo-----------BW/SE\tab 
\par 
\par APPENDICES:
\par 
\par 1.  Response Procedures
\par 
\par 2.  Area of Responsibility
\par 
\par 3.  Memorandum of Understanding
\par 
\par 4.  Response to Hazardous Chemicals Accidents
\par 
\par 5.  Space Shuttle Emergency Response Operation
\par }\pard \widctlpar\tx360\tx634\tx994\tx1354\tx1440\tx6120\adjustright {\f0 
\par 6.  Response to Nuclear Weapons Accidents
\par }}  Ýri4\f0