{\rtf1\ansi \deflang1033\deff0{\fonttbl
{\f0\fnil \fcharset0 \fprq2 Times New Roman;}{\f1\fnil \fcharset0 \fprq2 Courier New;}}{\colortbl
\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;}
{\stylesheet{\fs20 \snext0 Normal;}
{\*\cs1 \additive Default Para;}
{\*\cs2 \additive\cf1 SYS_HYPERTEXT;}
}\ftnbj\ftnrestart\aftnnar \sectd \sbknone\headery1440\titlepg 
{\header \pard \qc\sl0 
Cooper, In Vitro Veritas \chpgn \par }
{\*\pnseclvl1\pndec\pnstart1{\pntxta .}}
{\*\pnseclvl2\pnlcltr\pnstart1{\pntxta .}}
{\*\pnseclvl3\pnlcrm\pnstart1{\pntxta .}}
{\*\pnseclvl4\pndec\pnstart1{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}
{\*\pnseclvl5\pnlcltr\pnstart1{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}
{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcrm\pnstart1{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}
{\*\pnseclvl7\pndec\pnstart1{\pntxta .}}
{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1{\pntxta .}}
{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1}

\pard \sl0 
{\plain \f1 }{\plain \b\f1 FAQ on Glassmaking in 1632}{\plain \f1 \par
}{\plain \f1 by Iver P. Cooper\par
}{\plain \f1 (Copyright Iver P. Cooper 2004. All Rights Reserved.)\par
}{\plain \f1 \par
}{\plain \f1 \tab This FAQ supplements my 1632 Slushpile article, "In 
Vitro Veritas". IVF concentrates on up-time techniques which 
might be feasible in 1632, while this FAQ is more concerned 
with what is already going on down-time.  However, there is 
some overlap with respect to types of glass and uses of 
glass. If you find this FAQ of interest, be sure to read "In 
Vitro Veritas".\par
}\pard \qc\sl0 
{\plain \f1 ***\par
}{\plain \f1 \par
}\pard \sl0 
{\*\bkmkstart A__}{\*\bkmkend A__}{\plain \f1 {\tc {}{\plain \b\f1 The Venetian Glass Industry}}}{\plain \f1 \par
}{\plain \f1 \tab The USE's most important trading partner is the 
Venetian Republic, which, in 1632, was still the world 
leader in the glass industry.  However, storm clouds are on 
the horizon. France and England had already made it plain, 
by recruiting master glass craftsmen from Venice, that they 
wanted to develop their own glass houses.  This would allow 
them to curb the importation of Venetian glass into their 
own countries, and capture some of the Venetian's valuable 
export trade with other lands, too.  \par
}{\plain \f1 \tab The Ring of Fire presents both danger and opportunity 
for the Venetian glass industry, and therefore for the Most 
Serene Republic. On the one hand, French and English spies 
will learn, half a century early, of the technological 
innovations that allowed them to encroach on the Venetian 
trade.  On the other hand, the Venetians now have fair 
warning of their danger, and can take countermeasures.  The 
most prudent of these would be to adopt these innovations 
themselves, and then take advantage of their established 
position in the industry to edge out the French and English 
competition before it can establish a beachhead.\par
}\pard \qc\sl0 
{\plain \f1 *** \par
}\pard \sl0 
{\plain \f1 \par
}{\plain \f1 \tab In 1271, the }{\plain \i\f1 fiolarii}{\plain \f1  (makers of glass vessels) signed 
a formal agreement with the Venetian Republic.  This 
}{\plain \i\f1 Capitolare Fiiolariis}{\plain \f1  provided, significantly, that no glass 
would be imported into Venice, and that no foreign masters 
would be allowed to make glass. Plainly, the Republic wanted 
to foster a homegrown glass industry and to avoid industrial 
espionage.   In 1291, the Venetian government pressed the 
glassmakers\'92 guild  to move to island of Murano, ostensibly 
to eliminate the risk that a fire from their furnaces would 
burn down Venice, but probably also to heighten security.  \par
}{\plain \f1 \tab Two centuries later, the Venetian industrial policy 
paid off handsomely.  The key experiment began on Feb. 21, 
1457, when Angelo Barovoier (Beroviero?) and Niccolo Mozetto 
were given permission to work on "crystal glass" outside the 
normal production season (Polak, p. 65).  In 1460, he began 
commercial production of a colorless soda lime glass, 
}{\plain \i\f1 cristallo}{\plain \f1 , named after rock crystal.  It was used in many 
products, notably lenses and\'96once the problem of applying a 
metal coating was resolved\'96mirrors.\par
}{\plain \f1 \tab This }{\plain \i\f1 cristallo}{\plain \f1  was far superior in clarity to the older 
glasses, and it sold well.  What was its secret?  \par
}{\plain \f1 \tab One possible factor was the source  of the "glass 
former," silica.  Usually, glassmakers obtained it from 
either quarried sand or crushed siliceous stones.  These 
sands and stones varied in composition, depending on where 
they were collected.  Ancient Egyptian glass, for example, 
was made from a sand with a high iron content, giving its 
glass a greenish cast (Lambert, p. 109).  One authority says 
that the key to the clarity of the Venetian }{\plain \i\f1 cristallo}{\plain \f1  was 
"crushed pebbles from a nearby river,  the Ticino." 
(Origins). These may have been specially selected for their 
whiteness (Maloney, 59).\par
}{\plain \f1 \tab Another important glass ingredient is the flux.  This 
was a salt that served to lower the melting point of the 
silica.  The fluxes were usually salts of sodium, potassium 
or lead.  The sodium salts were usually obtained from 
certain minerals (e.g., natron) or by burning seaweed 
(yielding "soda ash", sodium carbonate).  The potassium 
salts were derived by combustion of hardwoods such as beech 
(yielding "potash", potassium carbonate)(Lambert, 104-5, 
122, 124-6).   \par
}{\plain \f1 \tab One also needed a stabilizer, such as a calcium, 
magnesium, barium or aluminum salt, to protect the glass 
from water.  If this was not already present as an impurity 
in the silica (sand can be calcium-rich) or flux source 
(some plants are rich in magnesium), it had to be added.  
Roman glasses were "soda lime glasses", in which the silica 
was combined with sodium oxide (derived from soda ash) and 
calcium oxide (derived from lime). \par
}{\plain \f1 \tab After the fall of Rome, northern Europe switched to 
potash as the flux, while the Venetians continued to use 
soda ash.  William S. Ellis says that "the breakthrough was 
achieved with the use of a vegetable ash rich in potassium 
oxide and magnesium.  The }{\plain \i\f1 sale di vetro}{\plain \f1 , or glass salts, 
extracted from the ash were used as the fluxing agent in the 
melting process, mixed with the sand to produce a sodium-potassium-based crystal-like glass...." (Lambert, 104, 113).  
\tab Other ingredients could also have been significant. 
Maloney says that the Venetian }{\plain \i\f1 cristallo}{\plain \f1 , like the Roman 
glasses, contained manganese as a decolorizer (p. 58).  
Melchior-Bonnet says that the Venetian masters knew that 
ashes of kali, an Egyptian herb, "acted as a bleaching agent 
because of its low phosphorous content and richness in 
manganese." (P. 19).\par
}{\plain \f1 \tab Thomaso Garzoni de Bangacavallo, in his }{\plain \i\f1 Piazza 
universale}{\plain \f1 , suggested that cristallo owed its advantages to 
the particular salinity of the Venetian seawater, the 
particular woods used in the firing process (which affected 
the nature of the flame), and the quantities of salt and 
soda.  \par
}{\plain \f1 \tab Most likely, it was not any one ingredient, but rather 
an overall optimization, that was responsible for the 
sterling qualities of the new }{\plain \i\f1 cristallo}{\plain \f1 .\par
}\pard \qc\sl0 
{\plain \f1 ***\par
}\pard \sl0 
{\plain \f1 \par
}{\plain \f1 \tab Tin-mercury amalgams were used by the Venetians in 
mirror-making as early as 1317. The process was called 
"foiling" because the mercury was used to bind tin leaf.\tab In 1507, Andrea and Domenico de\'92Anzolo del Gallo 
realized that the Venetian }{\plain \i\f1 cristallo}{\plain \f1  could be given a highly 
reflective surface by hammering tin into thin sheets, 
amalgamating it with mercury, and then laying the sheets of 
}{\plain \i\f1 cristallo}{\plain \f1  onto the amalgam.  The critical advantage of this 
tin amalgam process was that it did not require heat, and 
therefore was unlikely to crack the glass through thermal 
shock.  They petitioned the Venetian Council of Ten, 
claiming to be  the possessors of  \'93the secret of making 
mirrors of crystalline glass, a most valuable and singular 
thing ... unknown to the whole world, except for one house 
in Germany and one in Flanders, who sell their mirrors at 
excessive prices.\'94 (Melchior-Bonnet, 18; Gros-Grovenor, 18, 
Goldberg, 140, Schiffer 6).  They asked for 25 years 
exclusivity, but were awarded 20.\par
}{\plain \f1 \tab This was enough to provide a formidable jump-start to 
mirror-making in Venice, and the }{\plain \i\f1 specchiai}{\plain \f1 , or mirror-makers, became so important that, in 1569, they organized 
their own guild. \par
}{\plain \f1 \tab Venetian mirrors, besides being products in their own 
right, were incorporated into Venetian wall lights.  By the 
late seventeenth century, these usually had a mirror glass 
back plate to enhance illumination (Mehlman, 169).\par
}{\plain \f1 \tab Glass mirrors commanded very high prices. }{\plain \f1 One looking 
glass, two feet by four feet, and framed in hand-wrought 
silver, was valued in the late 1600s at three times the 
worth of a painting by Raphael (Schiffer, p. 7). In 1680, 
the cost of a 3 X 4 foot mirror was $40,000 in today's 
currency (Mirror Mirror). Hence, other nations began to take 
a great interest in acquiring the Venetian knowhow, 
producing Venetian-style glass and mirrors domestically, and 
competing with the Most Serene Republic for the export 
market. \par
}\pard \qc\sl0 
{\plain \f1 ***\par
}{\plain \f1 \par
}\pard \sl0 
{\plain \f1 \tab Consequently, at least from the fifteenth century on, 
the Venetian Republic sought to keep glassworkers from 
taking their secrets elsewhere.  The Venetians used both the 
carrot and the stick.  On the one hand, the nobility and the 
glassmakers were allowed to intermarry without penalty.  On 
the other hand, the penalty for seeking to leave the island 
without permission was death.   (Zerwick, 45-6; Polak, 24-25). If such pressures did not succeed, assassins could be 
sent after fugitive glassworkers. (Zerwick, 45-6)  "In 
Normandy, a Murano glassmaker, Paoli, was found by his 
daughter with a dagger in his heart and a note \'91traitor\'92 
attached." (Gros-Galliner, p. 72) \par
}{\plain \f1 \tab Despite all blandishments, threats and punishments, 
glassmakers left Venice by the hundreds, spreading the 
knowledge of Venetian techniques to England, France and 
elsewhere (Gros-Galliner, 25; Wills, 42; Schiffer, 24). But 
the real threat to Venetian hegemony was not from renegade 
Muranese, but from innovators abroad. The British devised a 
new form of glass which was more sparkling, less brittle, 
and easier to cut. (See "Old and New Types of Glass", 
below.) And the French learned to make flat glass in a 
manner that made large windows and mirrors possible, even 
affordable.\par
}\pard \qc\sl0 
{\plain \f1 ***\par
}\pard \sl0 
{\plain \f1 \tab \par
}{\*\bkmkstart A__}{\*\bkmkend A__}{\plain \f1 {\tc {}{\plain \b\f1 The French Development of Cast Plate Glass}}}{\plain \f1 \par
}{\plain \f1 \tab There were two medieval methods of making of large 
panes of glass.  In the Crown glass ("Normandy") method, a 
bubble of glass was blown, cut open, and spun about.  The 
spinning resulted in a circular pane.  The glass was 
frequently reheated during this process, giving it a high 
polish (fire polish).  The glass was cooled, and the workers 
first  cut out the center (bulls' eye),  and then cut out 
straight pieces.\par
}{\plain \f1 \tab In the Broadsheet ("Lorrainer") method, the glass was 
blown, then swung to form a long cylinder, a "sausage". The 
craftsmen cut off the ends, opened the cylinder lengthwise 
("muffing"), placed it in a flattening oven, and polished it 
(Gros-Galliner, 32-33).  The first written description of 
the process is in the treatise }{\plain \i\f1 On Divers Arts}{\plain \f1  (early 12}{\plain \super\f1 th}{\plain \f1  
cent.). The window glass for the White House is still made 
from mouth-blown glass by the Lorrainer method.  Each 
"sausage" of glass, when slit and ironed out, makes an 18 x 
25 inch pane.  They contain "air bubbles and wavy bands," 
but the White House treasures the antique look (Ellis, p. 
23).\par
}{\plain \f1 \tab The manufacture of plate glass was revolutionized by 
Bernard Perrot, the first person, at least since Roman 
times, to form glass into panels by casting.  This involved 
pouring molten glass onto an iron plate covered with sand.  
The glass was rolled flat.  After it cooled, it was ground 
and polished with iron disks, abrasive sands, and felt 
disks. He communicated his idea to the French Academy of  
Sciences on April 2, 1687. The French authorities declared, 
"he has invented a method, hitherto unknown, of casting 
glass into panels, the way one does with metal...." (Polak, 
p. 127)  In 1688, a royal factory (Manufacture Royale des 
Glaces des France)  for production of cast glass was set up 
in Faubourg Saint-Germain in Paris. It moved to Saint-Gobain 
in 1693 (Polak, pp. 127-29). \par
}{\plain \f1 \tab Its technological headstart gave the French plate glass 
industry a continuing advantage; until the late eighteenth 
century, cast plate glass was only made in France 
(Pilkington). With its up-time knowledge, the USE is in a 
position to give that advantage to its Venetian 
collaborators.  (Take that, Richelieu!)\par
}{\plain \f1 \tab Historically, \tab the development of cast glass caused the 
cost of mirrors to fall dramatically, although the size of 
the mirror, the quality of the surface, and the frame would 
all affect the price. In the 1770s, Chippendale earned 160 
pounds for the sale of a \'93fine\'94 looking glass, 91 x 57 \'bd.  
At the other end of the scale, he sold servants\'92 dressing 
glasses for as little as four shillings apiece. (See 
generally Wills, 47-8, 148-9, 155, 157-8.) The improved 
economics naturally fostered the dissemination of mirrors. 
\'93It has been shown that between 1675 and 1725 ownership of 
mirrors (based on the inventory samples analyzed) rose from 
58% to 80% in London, whilst in provincial towns the rise 
was from 36% to 74%.\'94 (Edwards) \par
}\pard \sl0 
{\plain \f1 *** }{\plain \f1 \par
}{\*\bkmkstart A__}{\*\bkmkend A__}{\plain \f1 {\tc {}{\plain \b\f1 The German Glass Industry in 1632}}}{\plain \f1 \par
}{\plain \f1 \tab Since Grantsville was plopped down into the Germanies, 
it is prudent for the up-timers to know something about the 
local glass industry.\par
}{\plain \f1 \tab The German glass industry was responsible for a number 
of innovations. For example, in the twelfth or thirteenth 
centuries, Nuremburg craftsmen developed a new method of 
making mirrors. They introduced molten lead or tin into 
still hot blown glass bulbs, which were rotated until 
covered with a film of metal. When the bulbs cooled, they 
were cut to size for use as looking glasses (Schiffer, p. 
6). These glass mirrors were a substantial improvement over 
the Roman metal ones, which could warp, tarnish, etc.\par
}{\plain \f1 \tab In 1632, the Germans were probably best known for 
large, elaborately decorated drinking goblets. These were 
gilded, enameled or engraved.\par
}{\plain \f1 \tab The German glassworkers were also known for a 
particular type of glass, Waldglas ("forest glass"). 
Waldglas is green in color, implying the use of a raw 
material containing iron compounds.  It was so named 
because, beginning in the thirteenth century, the Germans 
had migratory forest glass houses}{\plain \f1 . These used the nearby 
wood as fuel and, when it is exhausted, move on. There were 
W}{\plain \i\f1 aldglashutten}{\plain \f1  in the imperial forest near Nuremberg, the 
Fichtelgebirge, the Thuringian forest, Silesia and Solling 
in the fourteenth century, and in Bohemia, Hesse and 
Lorraine in the fifteenth. Gradually, the glassworkers 
settled down, the process becoming complete by the 
eighteenth century. \par
}{\plain \f1 \tab The principal glassmaking centers of Germany, prior to 
1900, were in Cologne, Kassel, Frankfurt, and Nuremberg in 
western Germany, Augsburg, Munich, and Landshut in Bavaria, 
and Dresden, Berlin, Potsdam and Zechlin in Prussia.  
(Mehlman, 62) Unlike the more exalted glass workers of 
Venice and France, the Teutonic }{\plain \i\f1 waldglas}{\plain \f1  makers have a 
relatively low social status.  They tended to intermarry, 
and hence there were certain families which made a name for 
themselves as glass craftsmen: "Gundelach and Kunkel in 
Hesse, Wenzel and Schurer in Bohemia, Preussler in Silesia, 
[and] Greiner in Thuringia...." ( Weiss, 127-28)\par
}{\plain \f1 \tab In the fifteenth and sixteenth centuries, the leading 
guild was the Hessicher Glasnerbund. It had the advantage of 
proximity to Almerode in the Kaufunger Wald, which was a 
source, not only of sand, but of a fire-resistant clay for 
making the pots. The protector of the guild was the 
Landgrave of Hesse. The glassworkers were allocated 
territories by the forest warden. The factories were set up 
beside streams, and the master and his two or three 
journeymen worked and lived there from Easter until St. 
Martin's Day (November 11). In 1557, there were two hundred 
glassmakers in Hesse, and their output was on the order of 
2,500,000 beer glasses and 2,000 tons of window-glass.  \par
}{\plain \f1 \tab Renegade Venetian glassmakers prospered in France, the 
Netherlands, Flanders, and England. In Germany, at least 
prior to 1632, the Venetian expatriates were not 
particularly successful. Giovanni Scarpoggiato established 
an operation in Munich in 1584, but it failed. Francesco 
Warisco attempted to produce cristallo in Cassel, beginning 
in 1583, but had abandoned this effort by 1586. In 1607-1609, there were Venetian glassmakers in Cologne, but their 
factory met an untimely end when it was burnt down by the 
natives.\par
}{\plain \f1 \tab There are probably Venetian glass workers in Thuringia 
at the time of the Ring of Fire. Duke Bernhard von Sachsen-Weimar (1604-39) at some point "had Venetian glass made at 
Tambach by Italian workers". (Weiss, 126-7)\par
}\pard \qc\sl0 
{\plain \f1 ***\par
}\pard \sl0 
{\plain \f1 }{\plain \b\f1 \par
}{\plain \b\f1 Old and New Types of Glass}{\plain \f1 \par
}{\plain \f1 \tab The soda lime glasses are perhaps 4,000 years old. The 
silica is combined with sodium oxide flux and calcium oxide 
stabilizer. Usually, the silica is from sand (or quartz 
pebbles), the sodium oxide is formed from sodium carbonate 
(soda ash), and the calcium oxide is derived from calcium 
carbonate (limestone). \par
}{\plain \f1 \tab About 90% of modern silicate glass production is of 
soda lime glass, which is used in bottles, windows, light 
bulbs, and table ware. The }{\plain \i\f1 Encyclopedia Britannica}{\plain \f1  gives 
representative ingredient proportions for each of these 
applications; in general, the soda lime glasses 70-75% 
silica, 14-18% sodium oxide, and 5-10% calcium oxide, with 
small, nonessential amounts of oxides of aluminum, 
magnesium, potassium and barium.  However, there is no need 
for USE companies to rediscover the effective proportions if 
they hire knowledgeable down-time glassworkers. \par
}{\plain \f1 \tab There are also potash lime glasses ("Bohemian glass"), 
which feature potash (potassium oxide) instead of soda.  
These glasses were used, prior to 1632, to make stained 
glass windows.  As you might guess, it is possible for a 
glass to contain both potash and soda.\par
}{\plain \f1 \tab The soda lime and potash lime glasses are down-time 
technology, readily accessible to us if we are willing to 
hire knowledgeable down-timers. It is certainly possible to 
play around with their compositions to fine-tune them for 
particular uses. \par
}{\plain \f1 \tab So far as major }{\plain \i\f1 new}{\plain \f1  glasses are concerned, the major 
up-time contributions will be lead-alkali and borosilicate 
glasses. These are discussed in some detail in }{\plain \i\f1 In Vitro 
Veritas}{\plain \f1 . Here, I will just discuss the possible down-time 
foreknowledge of these developments.\par
}{\plain \f1 \tab Lead-alkali (flint) glass was supposedly "invented" in 
1676 by George Ravenscroft (1632-1681), a glass merchant. 
Ravenscroft actually rediscovered an ancient invention; 
there are both Roman and Islamic glasses which are as much 
as 35% lead oxide (Lambert, 118).\par
}{\plain \f1 \tab Just how old is borosilicate glass? There is a story, 
perhaps apocryphal, that a Roman glassworker showed the 
Emperor Tiberius an "unbreakable" glass (}{\plain \i\f1 vitrum flexile}{\plain \f1 ), 
expecting a reward. Instead, that angelic monarch had the 
glassworker put to death, and his workshop destroyed, so as 
not to reduce the value of the imperial glassware. Some 
scholars (Corning Glass) believe that the unfortunate 
craftsman had stumbled upon a form of borosilicate glass, 
most likely incorporating borax from the Tuscan or Turkish 
sources. \par
}{\plain \f1 \tab Whatever you think of the Roman story, there is 
evidence that in 1225, the }{\plain \i\f1 Chinese}{\plain \f1  were aware of the use of 
borax in }{\plain \i\f1 Arab}{\plain \f1  glassmaking. Zhao Rukuo noted that "borax is 
added so that the glass endures the most severe thermal 
extremes and will not crack" (Smith). \par
}{\plain \f1 \tab Down-time European glassworkers are extremely secretive 
about their craft. It is conceivable that prior to 1632, 
there was some European use of borax in glassmaking. 
However, the first definite reference dates back only to 
1679, when Johann Kunkel (1630-1703) mentioned borax in a 
recipe for an artificial gem (Smith).\par
}\pard \qc\sl0 
{\plain \f1 ***\par
}\pard \sl0 
{\plain \f1 \par
}{\plain \f1 \tab There are three more major types of glass. I don't 
think that any of them are realistic USE development 
targets, but I will review them briefly. \par
}{\plain \f1 \tab Aluminosilicate glass was developed in 1936. They have 
the chemical and thermal resistance which makes the 
borosilicates so popular, but can tolerate higher 
temperatures.  That same characteristic also makes them more 
difficult to work. \par
}{\plain \f1 \tab In theory, aluminosilicates can replace borosilicates. 
However, the }{\plain \i\f1 Encyclopedia Americana}{\plain \f1  warns that 
aluminosilicate glasses "are more expensive and more 
difficult to manufacture".  \par
}{\plain \f1 \tab Chemically speaking, the simplest glass is 100% silica.  
This silica glass is also known as fused silica or fused 
quartz.  (Some scientists distinguish the two, based on the 
method of manufacture.) Its advantages included very high 
resistance to heat, very high corrosion resistance, and the 
ability to transmit ultraviolet radiation. Fused quartz is 
used in the most demanding applications, such as spacecraft 
windows. Unfortunately, it can be made only if you have 
access to an extremely pure source of silica, and it is 
difficult to work (its "working point" is greater than 2,000 
deg. C).\par
}{\plain \f1 \tab The last major form of silicate glass is 96% silica, 
which is midway between borosilicate glass and fused quartz 
in its properties. Like 100% silica, it is the sort of 
material you use if you want to put the glass on top of a 
chunk of ice, and pour molten metal over it. Unfortunately, 
it is made from borosilicate glass by a proprietary (Corning 
Glass Works) process, developed in 1939,and hence is 
available to USE only if its technologists can reverse-engineer it.\par
}\pard \qc\sl0 
{\plain \f1 *** \par
}{\plain \f1 \par
}\pard \sl0 
{\plain \f1 \tab The main ingredient of glass is silica, and a pure SiO}{\plain \sub\f1 2}{\plain \f1  
glass ("fused silica") is colorless and transparent.  
Impurities, such as iron oxide, can cause it to become 
colored.  In the sixth century B.C.E., the eastern 
Mediterranean civilizations discovered that antimony 
decolorized the glass.  Later, possibly as early as the 
first century C.E., the Romans discovered that manganese had 
the same effect (Lambert, 111-13).\par
}{\plain \f1 \tab Since decolorizing the glass is a nuisance, it is 
desirable to find a fine white sand deposit, low in iron 
oxide content, to use as the silica source.  If the glass we 
make from our sand is green, we know that iron oxide is the 
culprit. Chances are that our down-time colleagues have 
their own favorite collecting sites.\par
}{\plain \f1 \tab While iron oxide is an undesirable impurity, other 
impurities are advantageous. For example, calcium oxide 
stabilizes glass.  Calcium oxide was sometimes introduced 
into glass inadvertently. For example, broken shells, often 
found mixed in with sand, contain calcium carbonate 
(Macfarlane, 205).\par
}{\plain \f1 \tab Also, for a decorative glass, you may want to impart a 
particular color, by incorporating an appropriate metal 
salt: blue (cobalt), purple (manganese), green (chromium, 
iron), yellow (cadmium, uranium, antimony, silver), or red 
(gold). The famous ruby glass of Bohemia, which contained 
microscopic particles of gold chloride, was invented by 
Johann Kunckel in the 1670s. \par
}\pard \sl0 
{\plain \f1 ***\par
}{\plain \b\f1 Familiar and Novel Uses of Glass\par
}{\plain \f1 \tab Just like us, the down-timers are familiar with glass 
containers and windows.  Some have seen spectacles and 
telescopes with glass lenses. Other up-time uses of glass 
will be alien to the down-timers.\par
}\pard \qc\sl0 
{\plain \f1 *** \par
}\pard \sl0 
{\plain \f1 \par
}{\plain \b\f1 Container Glass}{\plain \f1 \par
}{\plain \f1 \tab In the modern world, at least one third of all 
glassware is container glass.  Glass vessels are used to 
hold beverages, foods, drugs, cosmetics, and household and 
industrial chemicals. Most of the container glass is soda 
lime glass, although there is some use of lead glass at the 
upscale end of the market. Glass has the advantages of being 
inert (it doesn't react with the contents) and impermeable 
(so it protects the contents from outside oxygen, moisture, 
and microorganisms). Also, glass containers can be washed 
and reused. \par
}{\plain \f1 \tab Glass containers were common even in Roman times.  And 
there aren't great differences in container glass 
composition between modern glass vessels and those made in 
Venice and other Renaissance glass centers. The principal 
up-time innovations in the realm of container glass have 
related to the hermetic sealing of the containers for long-term food storage, and the replacement of handcrafting with 
machinery.\par
}{\plain \f1 \tab The Emperor Napoleon offered a handsome prize (12,000 
francs) to the first person to discover a method of 
preventing spoilage of military rations. Nicholas Appert met 
the challenge, developing a glass canning jar. The jars were 
corked and sealed with wax, and sent to sea for four months 
and ten days.  When his jars were opened, all eighteen food 
samples were tasted, and found to still be fresh.   \par
}{\plain \f1 \tab In response, the British developed tin cans, which had 
the advantage of not being breakable. For commercial 
canning, tin cans quickly displaced the glass jars.  
However, in the home canning market, the glass "mason jar", 
patented in 1858, is still king.  Metal cans cannot be 
reused, and the chemical reaction of the foods with the 
metal led to off-tastes. One authority comments, "the mason 
jar is historically important because it freed farm families 
from reliance on inferior containers, and from using 
pickling, drying, and smoking food to prepare for the 
winter". Some form of glass home canning jar might be a real 
boon to seventeenth century Thuringian farm families.\par
}{\plain \f1 \tab The mason jar was hermetically sealed by the 
combination of a zinc lid and a rubber ring. The USE will 
need to either forego mason jars until it finds a rubber 
source, or solve the sealing problem some other way.\par
}\pard \qc\sl0 
{\plain \f1 ***\par
}{\plain \f1 \par
}\pard \sl0 
{\plain \f1 }{\plain \b\f1 Glass Windows}{\plain \f1 \par
}{\plain \f1 \tab Glass windows were known in 1632; the most extravagant 
examples would be the stained glass windows of the great 
cathedrals.  They could also be found in the homes of the 
wealthy; it was not limited, by sumptuary laws, to the 
nobility.\par
}{\plain \f1 \tab The issue of how much glass windows cost, and who owned 
them, occasioned some spirited discussion in Baen's Bar. 
Virginia de Marcie urged, "}{\plain \f1 The houses of anyone who could\par
}{\plain \f1 afford it had glass panes, not just nobles...."  By way of 
example, she points to Francken, "Supper at the House of 
Burgomaster Rockox" dated (1630-1635). "Upper bourgeois", 
she commented, "but definitely not nobility". \par
}{\plain \f1 \tab I have had some difficulty getting firm information on 
the cost and distribution of windows in the *early* 1600s.\par
}{\plain \f1 In a chapter on "architectural glass in seventeenth century 
France", Polak 120-1 says that window glass was considered 
sufficiently valuable so that if the owner of the house 
moved, he took them with him, and window glass was 
bequeathed in wills. \par
}{\plain \f1 \tab On the other hand, Polak also mentions that Dutch 
painters, such as David Teniers the Younger (1610-1690) and 
Adriaen van Ostade (1610-1685) specializing in "low life" 
did show glass windows in peasant cottages and farmhouses. \par
}{\plain \f1 \tab I examined an online collection (Web Gallery of Art, 
}{\field{\fldinst  GOTOBUTTON BM_1_ {\plain \f1 http://www.wga.hu/index.html)}}{\fldrslt }}{\plain \f1  of Tenier's paintings, and 
"Apes in the Kitchen" clearly has a three rectangular pane 
window, while "Village Scene" features a window composed of 
numerous small diamond panes. Alas, both are undated.  
However, I fortunately stumbled upon a work by Teniers the 
}{\plain \i\f1 Elder}{\plain \f1  (1582-1649), "Village Feast", which presents a similar 
window.\par
}{\plain \f1 \tab Virginia has called to my attention a painting by 
Adriaen Brouwer (1605-38), "The Operation", with another 
diamond-paned window. It shows a plainly dressed doctor 
treating a equally unfashionable patient. While it, too, is 
undated, it can't be later than 1638! \par
}{\plain \f1 \tab Diamond 113 says that by the *late* seventeenth 
century, most "well to do" people in England did have at 
least a few windows of glass. More helpfully, Mehlmann 205-6 
says that after 1590, the domestic production of window 
glass in England made the windows affordable by those of 
"moderate means".\par
}{\plain \f1 \tab The earliest wholesale price for plate glass I can find 
is by back-calculation from a 1757 source. For a sheet 60 x 
42.5", it was 37 British pounds for the raw plate glass, and 
15 for grinding and polishing, so total is 52. Retail price 
was probably double. Note that this is after the price of 
plate glass went down thanks to St. Gobain, etc. (If one 
pound in 1675 is equivalent to $20 (1952), then that sheet 
of plate was equivalent to $2,000 in 1952.) \par
}{\plain \f1 \tab A maid's annual income in 1675 was 12-15 pounds a year. 
So there is no way a servant could afford glass like this. 
Still, all windows are not created equal:\par
}{\plain \f1 \par
}{\plain \f1 \'96a small window would cost less than a large one\par
}{\plain \f1 \par
}{\plain \f1 \'96a small window salvaged from one or more fragments of a 
large one would probably cost less than a new one of the 
same size (Virginia mentions that "in rural churches, rounds 
of bottle glass, carefully saved from multitudes of broken 
bottles [were] leaded together" to make windows.)\par
}{\plain \f1 \par
}{\plain \f1 \'96a window made of many small panes would cost less than a 
single large window of equivalent area\par
}{\plain \f1 \par
}{\plain \f1 \'96a window with flaws, such as wavy lines, bubbles, rough 
spots, etc., would cost less than one which was of high 
quality.\par
}{\plain \f1 \par
}{\plain \f1 \'96domestic glass would cost less than imported glass\par
}{\plain \f1 \par
}{\plain \f1 \tab So, even one of very modest means could manage to 
acquire some kind of window, just as servants could afford 
glass hand mirrors even when a psyche (a two meter tall 
dressing room mirror) would have been out of question.\par
}\pard \qc\sl0 
{\plain \f1 ***\par
}\pard \sl0 
{\plain \f1 \par
}{\plain \f1 \tab We tend to take windows for granted, without giving 
much thought to how they benefit us.  In essence, windows 
allow light to enter a structure, while blocking the 
movement of heat.  They prevent heat transfer by three 
different mechanisms.  First, as a physical barrier to the 
outward movement of the indoor air, they block loss of heat 
by convection. Secondly, because glass conducts heat poorly, 
the loss of heat by conduction is slow. Finally, the most 
common types of glass, while transparent to visible light, 
strongly absorb infrared (heat) radiation. Thus, glass 
inhibits the loss of heat by radiation from the contents of 
the room.  Without glass windows, we either must live in 
totally enclosed rooms, lit only by artificial lighting 
(which has its own problems), or we must let light in 
through simple openings, which also allow hard-won heat to 
escape.\par
}{\plain \f1 \tab In 1632, glass windows were expensive enough so that 
only a chosen few could enjoy their advantages.  The quality 
of the window glass is a further indication of the power or 
affluence of the owner. It is no accident that there is 
window glass "almost as clear as modern glass would have 
been" in the royal St. James Tower, while Admiral Simpson, 
in more provincial Magdeburg, has to content himself with 
glass which "wasn't very good, even by 17th-century 
standards" (}{\plain \i\f1 1633}{\plain \f1  Chap. 6). Even so, it didn't just admit 
natural light, and allow him "a view of his domain", it was 
a status symbol (}{\plain \i\f1 1633}{\plain \f1  Chap. 4). \par
}{\plain \f1 \tab The up-time contribution to the glass window technology 
will be in terms of techniques for making larger and clearer 
plates, and ultimately, for producing them relatively 
inexpensively.\par
}\pard \qc\sl0 
{\plain \f1 ***\par
}\pard \sl0 
{\plain \f1 \par
}{\plain \f1 \par
}{\plain \b\f1 Greenhouses}{\plain \f1 \par
}{\plain \f1 \tab A logical extension of the normal architectural use of 
the window is the greenhouse, which has glass walls and 
ceiling. Soon after the Ring of Fire, "medicinal and 
ornamental plants were [being] grown in the glass-roofed 
conservatory" of Grantville's hospital (Ewing, "An Invisible 
War", in GG#2). \par
}\pard \qc\sl0 
{\plain \f1 *** \par
}\pard \sl0 
{\plain \f1 \par
}{\plain \b\f1 Mirrors}{\plain \f1 \par
}{\plain \f1 \tab Since the days of the Pharaohs, mirrors have been used 
for purposes of self-inspection.  The first mirrors were 
made of metal, but there were a few glass mirrors even in 
Roman times. The earliest specimens were hand mirrors, but, 
as the art of mirror-making progressed, larger glass mirrors 
became feasible. \tab \par
}{\plain \f1 \tab The extreme examples would be the mirrors which were 
large enough to be installed as building fixtures. The 
architectural advantages of opposed mirrors were pointed out 
in 1697: "by reflection, a room with two to four candles is 
brighter and gayer than another with twelve." (Polak, 129, 
Roche). \par
}\pard \qc\sl0 
{\plain \f1 \tab Two of Charles II\'92s rival mistresses,  Nell Gwynne, and 
Louise de Keroualle (later made Duchess of Portsmouth), had 
mirror-walled rooms.  No doubt once one had it, the other 
found it a necessity.  The Duchess\'92 hall was visited by the 
Moorish ambassador, who commented that "he much wondered at 
the room of glass where he saw himself in a hundred places." 
(Roche, 16; Diamond, 139).***\par
}\pard \sl0 
{\plain \f1 \par
}{\plain \b\f1 Telescopes}{\plain \f1 \par
}{\plain \f1 \tab Isaac Newton demonstrated a practical reflecting 
telescope in 1671; it used mirrors made of speculum metal. 
The first silvered glass reflecting telescope, just 4 inches 
in aperture (smaller than the one I owned as a high school 
student), was built by Steinheil in 1856.  Silvering made 
large reflectors practical.  \par
}{\plain \f1 \tab For military purposes, the refracting telescopes are 
more than adequate. Why, then, might the USE one day find a 
use for big reflectors?  Bear in mind that it has an agenda 
that goes beyond winning the war.  It is battling for the 
hearts and minds of seventeenth century Europeans. If 
savants from other countries were able to look at the skies 
through powerful telescopes, they would be able to confirm 
more of what we have told them about the Solar System. This, 
in turn, would help persuade them to accept the truth of our 
other teachings.\par
}\pard \qc\sl0 
{\plain \f1 ***\par
}\pard \sl0 
{\plain \f1 }{\plain \b\f1 Solar Power}{\plain \f1 \par
}{\plain \f1 \tab The use of glass lenses, or glass (or metal) mirrors, 
to utilize solar energy was known before the Ring of Fire, 
but it was a curiosity, not a feature of everyday life. \par
}{\plain \f1 \tab  Giovanni Magini (1555-1617), an Italian astrologer, 
astronomer and mathematician used concave mirrors, which 
were probably less than two feet in diameter, to melt "lead, 
silver or gold in small quantities such as a coin held 
firmly with tongs." (Butti, 34)  Villette, of Lyons, France, 
in the late 1600's, built a spherical mirror which was four 
feet in diameter and had a radius of curvature of 76 inches. 
A Villette mirror was said to be "able to make tin melt in 
three seconds, cast iron melt in 16." (Butti, 39, 257) 
Leonardo da Vinci asserted that "the sculptor Andrea del 
Verrochio employed a burning mirror to solder the sections 
of a copper ball lantern holder for the Santa Maria del 
Fiore Cathedral in Florence" (Butti, 33).  This may well 
have been the first }{\plain \i\f1 practical}{\plain \f1  use of a burning mirror to 
melt a metal. \par
}{\plain \f1 \tab The Baron Ehrenfried Walther von Tschirnhausen (1651-1708) created the largest mirrors of his day by hammering 
copper into a thin sheet; his reflector was five and a half 
feet in diameter.  In 1687, he reported that "a piece of tin 
or lead three inches thick, as soon as it is put into the 
focus, melts away in drops... A plate of iron or steel 
placed in the focus immediately is seen to be red hot on the 
back side, and soon after a hole is burnt through." (Butti, 
38)\par
}{\plain \f1 \tab Burning mirrors could also be used to heat liquids.  In 
1515, Leonardo da Vinci conceived of a parabolic mirror 
concentrator for an industrial application (cloth dyeing). 
(Brief History) Had his conception been brought to fruition, 
the dying vats would be brought to a boil by solar energy.  
By 1561, alchemists knew that, to make perfume, one could 
place a clear vase, filled with water and flowers, at the 
focal point of a spherical mirror; and then heat the vase 
water with concentrated sunlight, causing the fragrances to 
be extracted from the flowers.  \par
}{\plain \f1 \tab Augustin Mouchot (1825-1911) was a prolific inventor of 
solar-powered devices.   In his solar cooker, food went 
inside a blackened copper cylinder.  This was placed inside 
a glass cylinder; with a one inch airspace separating the 
two concentric cylinders.  A trough-like mirror, made of 
silver-plated wood, reflected sunlight onto the glass 
cylinder. This trough, possibly parabolic in cross-section, 
was positioned to face the sun. (Butti, 66)  Used by the 
French Foreign Legion, it cooked a pound of beef in 20 
minutes. His solar still was of similar design.  Wine was 
heated to a vapor in the copper vessel, and the vapor was 
collected in another receptacle, yielding brandy.  In his 
solar pump, the air inside the copper cauldron expanded when 
heated by the concentrated sunlight, pressing down on water 
in a tank below.  Ultimately the pressure was sufficient to 
cause a jet of water to shoot out of the other end of the 
tank.  Finally, in his solar steam engine, the parabolic 
trough reflector concentrated sunlight onto a one inch 
diameter copper tube, boiling the water within. (Butti, 66-68)  \par
}{\plain \f1 \tab Another solar energy pioneer was Abel Pifre, Mouchot\'92s 
assistant.  In 1880, he used a dish-shaped solar collector 
to drive a steam engine, which in turn powered a printing 
press. (Butti, 74)  \par
}{\plain \f1 \tab Recently, the solar furnace has drawn attention as an 
inexpensive replacement for wood-burning fires in equatorial 
countries.  Physicist Steven Jones designed a solar cooker 
featuring a cardboard "half-funnel" covered with aluminum 
foil. Inside the funnel is a black pot or jar, and it is 
surrounded by a clear plastic bag to help hold in the heat. 
(The solar cooker also doubles as a cooler, when used at 
night.) \par
}\pard \qc\sl0 
{\plain \f1 ***\par
}\pard \sl0 
{\plain \f1 \par
}{\plain \f1 \tab Some modern glass is specialty glass; laboratory 
glassware falls into this category.  \par
}{\plain \f1 \tab  I will discuss this utility in more detail here than I 
could in }{\plain \i\f1 In Vitro Veritas}{\plain \f1 . In }{\plain \i\f1 1632}{\plain \f1 , Greg Ferrara commented, 
"Sulfuric acid is about as basic for modern industry as 
steel" (Chap. 40).  That's definite, in fact, you can deduce 
the relative industrial strength of a country by comparing 
its sulfuric acid production with that of other nations. \par
}{\plain \f1 \tab In 1736, Joshua "Spot" Ward began making sulfuric acid 
(oil of vitriol) from saltpeter and sulfur.  Because of the 
corrosive effect of the sulfuric acid on the available 
metals, he manufactured it in fifty gallon }{\plain \i\f1 glass}{\plain \f1  jars. \par
}{\plain \f1 \tab Glass vessels aren't an absolute requirement for 
processes which make or use sulfuric acid. "Spot" was 
upstaged by John Roebuck, who put sulfuric acid into lead 
foil-lined wooden reaction chambers. Lead resists sulfuric 
acid of concentrations less than 70%.  If you need to work 
with more highly concentrated liquors, you switch to 
stainless steel.  (Which, in turn, is corroded by the dilute 
formulations that lead shrugs off.)\par
}{\plain \f1 \tab In designing a sulfuric acid plant, chemical engineers 
can use steel or lead, as appropriate, in reaction chambers, 
ducts, storage tanks and shipping drums. However, when the 
same apparatus can encounter both dilute and concentrated 
sulfuric acid, glass is superior. Glass is resistant to 
corrosion by sulfuric acid at all of the concentrations and 
temperatures at which the latter is in the liquid state. The 
only metals with this wide a gamut of resistance to it are 
gold and platinum.     \par
}{\plain \f1 \tab For work with nitric acid, stainless steel is the 
material of choice for large-scale production. But glass has 
excellent resistance, too.\par
}{\plain \f1 \tab Hydrochloric acid (HCl) is used in our time line in the 
manufacture of ethylene dichloride, vinyl chloride, methyl 
chloride, ethyl chloride, calcium chloride and chlorine.  It 
is also used directly, to descale metals, to acidize oil 
wells, to recover semiprecious metal catalysts, and in food 
processing. Unfortunately, stainless steel is }{\plain \i\f1 not}{\plain \f1  resistant 
to HCl. If you want to use a metal vessel, it had better be 
either a molybdenum-rich alloy, or tantalum. As you can 
imagine, these are not going to be readily available in the 
1632 universe.  Glasses (of the right composition) can be 
used at any HCl concentration or temperature. Glass, or 
glass-lined steel, is commonly used in up-time plants which 
handle HCl. \par
}{\plain \f1 \tab For laboratory scale chemistry, glass is clearly 
superior. Not only is it corrosion-resistant, it can be made 
transparent, so you can observe the chemical processes as 
they take place. Or it can be amber-tinted, to protect 
photosensitive chemicals. Glass is used extensively in the 
bottles, graduated cylinders, beakers, flasks, pipettes, 
condensers, test tubes, watch glasses, burets, funnels, 
crucibles, and retorts of modern chemical laboratories. \par
}{\plain \f1 \tab Borosilicate glass, such as that sold under the 
trademark PYREX, is preferred, because it is especially 
resistant to chemicals, to high heat and also to thermal 
shock (the last being the result of its low coefficient of 
expansion). \par
}{\plain \f1 \tab Borosilicate glass wasn't in common use until the 
twentieth century; until then, chemists made do with soda 
lime or flint glass.  Glassware made using 1632 glass 
formulations is fine for making many useful chemicals, 
notably, pure alcohol. In }{\plain \i\f1 1634: The Galileo Affair}{\plain \f1 , Stoner 
explained to his comrades, "when I drew a Liebig condenser 
for them, there were a few guys slapping foreheads, and a 
couple of the glassware shops did a roaring trade in the 
things for a couple of weeks."\par
}{\plain \f1 \tab Even in the twentieth century, some laboratory 
apparatus is still made from soda lime glass. Since its 
corrosion resistance is only fair, it should be used to 
handle corrosive liquids only for short durations; making a 
pipette out of soda lime glass is fine. It also should not 
be subjected to high temperatures, or to rapid changes in 
temperature.  \par
}{\plain \f1 \tab The bottom line is that some of our needs for 
laboratory glass ware can be met by down-time glassblowers 
using their traditional soda lime recipes, but that if we 
want to work with the more corrosive chemicals, or with 
highly exothermic (heat producing) reactions, we are going 
to need to move them up to borosilicate glass.\par
}\pard \qc\sl0 
{\plain \f1 ***\par
}\pard \sl0 
{\plain \f1 }{\plain \b\f1 \par
}{\plain \b\f1 Glass Insulators and Capacitors\par
}{\plain \f1 \tab Some modern specialty glassware takes advantage of 
another of glass' properties: its low electrical 
conductivity. The standard USE diplomatic mission antenna 
includes a glass insulator. (Boatright, "Radio in the 1632 
Universe", GG#1). Glass insulators are also used in 
telephone installations (Boatright, "So You Want to Do 
Telecommunications in 1633?"). \par
}{\plain \f1 \tab Glass can also be used to construct capacitors. A 
capacitor is a device for storing electric charge; the 
charges collect on conductive metal plates which are 
separated by a dielectric (an insulator). The first 
capacitor, the "Leyden Jar", was invented independently by 
Ewald Georg von Kleist in 1745 and Pieter van Musschenbroek 
in 1746. It was a glass jar with metal coatings on the 
inside and the outside.\par
}\pard \qc\sl0 
{\plain \f1 *** \par
}\pard \sl0 
{\plain \f1 \par
}{\plain \b\f1 Fiberglass}{\plain \f1 \par
}{\plain \f1 \tab Further in the post-ROF future, fiberglass products 
will appear. The third largest twentieth century market for 
glass is in the manufacture of fiberglass. Coarse glass 
fibers were made and used in pre-Roman times, but merely for 
decoration of tableware. The down-timers don't even have 
glass wools or glass cloths, let alone fiber optics or 
fiberglass composites.\par
}{\plain \f1 \tab Fiberglass composites (glass fiber-reinforced plastics, 
"FRPs") have become a major structural material, because of 
their high strength-to-weight ratio. That is particularly 
useful in a small water craft. The hull of Eddie's warship, 
the speedboat }{\plain \i\f1 Outlaw}{\plain \f1 , was made of a fiberglass composite.  \par
}{\plain \f1 \tab In his fine article on telecommunications, Rick 
Boatright comments, "I hope that I do not need to go into 
why Grantville will not be making Teflon coated wire or 
fiberglass for several years." \par
}\pard \qc\sl0 
{\plain \f1 ***\par
}\pard \sl0 
{\plain \f1 \par
}{\plain \b\f1 One-Way Mirrors}{\plain \f1 \par
}{\plain \f1 \tab So far as I am aware, the "one-way" mirror principle 
had not been used before the Ring of Fire, unless, perhaps, 
it was in one of the small optical illusions practiced by 
della Porta. \par
}{\plain \f1 \tab "One-way" mirrors are typically used in malls, casinos, 
department stores, and police interrogation rooms (so a 
witness can see a suspect but not vice versa).  Can, and 
should, the USE try providing hostile foreign embassies with 
offices or conference rooms featuring one-way mirrors?   \par
}{\plain \f1 \tab A "one-way" mirror is really a "two-way" (partially 
transparent) mirror that is lit on only one side. Modern 
one-way mirrors are glass mirrors with a very thin coating 
of a reflective metal. Someone on the lit side would just 
see a reflection, as the reflected light would be much 
stronger than the light transmitted from the dark room. In 
contrast, on the dark side, the light transmitted from the 
lit side would be much stronger than the light reflected off 
the mirror surface, so the darkness-shrouded spy can 
perceive everything happening in the lit room.\par
}{\plain \f1 \tab In the early seventeenth century, the "one-way" mirror 
would have been a simple sheet of plate glass, just as in 
the Pepper's Ghost stage illusions of the nineteenth 
century. The Renaissance glassmakers would not have been 
able to improve the security of the effect by metallizing 
the glass, as they could not have controlled the thickness 
of the coating.   \par
}\pard \qc\sl0 
{\plain \f1 ***\par
}\pard \sl0 
{\plain \f1 \par
}{\plain \f1 \par
}{\plain \b\f1 What Is Safety Glass and Why Can't Grantville Make It?}{\plain \f1 \par
}{\plain \f1 \tab What is now called "safety glass" was invented in 1903 
by Edouard Benedictus; he is said to have accidentally 
knocked down a glass flask containing cellulose nitrate and 
discovered that, even though the flask shattered, the pieces 
were held together by the polymer. Safety glass was first 
used commercially during World War I, in the lenses of gas 
masks.  The equivalent modern safety glass is a laminate in 
which the plastic polyvinyl butyral (PVB) is sandwiched 
between two sheets of glass. Obviously, this form of safety 
glass cannot be duplicated until USE has a plastics 
industry.  \par
}{\plain \f1 \par
}{\plain \b\f1 What Is Bulletproof Glass And Why Can't Grantville Make It?}{\plain \f1 \par
}{\plain \f1 \tab Given that we are immersed in the Thirty Years' War, it 
seems appropriate to comment on the nature of "bulletproof 
glass". It is a laminate of alternating layers of glass and 
polycarbonate. The glass faces the "threat" side. The glass 
absorbs some of the kinetic energy of the bullet by 
breaking, while the flexible polycarbonate depletes it some 
more by deforming. Sounds like a nice material to have, but 
until we have polycarbonate or its equivalent, we will need 
to manage without it.\par
}\pard \qc\sl0 
{\plain \f1 ***\par
}\pard \sl0 
{\plain \f1 \par
}{\plain \f1 \par
}{\plain \b\f1 Where Did Edith Learn About Glass?}{\plain \f1 \par
}{\plain \f1 \tab In "The Wallenstein Gambit", we learn that Edith Wild 
(1949-16??) had been employed in a glass factory in 
Clarksburg. But the Up-timer grid says that the factory was 
in Fairmont.  Is one of these sources in error?  Or did she 
work at two different factories?  And can we identify her 
employer(s)? \par
}{\plain \f1 \tab There are at least two prospects in Clarksburg. The 
mammoth Hazel-Atlas Glass Company, once the largest glass 
company in the United States, operated a Clarksburg plant 
until 1972. That year, the factory, which produced "Hazel-Ware", was purchased by Brockway Glass.  The Anchor Hocking 
web site says that it acquired this factory on April 11, 
1979 and closed it in 1987. Edith would have been 38 at that 
time. \par
}{\plain \f1 \tab Another possible Clarksburg employer for Edith Wild was 
Eagle Convex Glass (now called Eagle Glass Specialties). It 
buys glass from others, and fabricates it. Over the years, 
it has produced panels for cathode ray tubes, "bent glass" 
for the furniture industry, and decorated glass and 
advertising specialties for the appliance industry. Prior to 
the ROF, it had "water jet" glass cutting equipment, and a 
horizontal tempering furnace. \par
}{\plain \f1 \tab If Edith worked in Fairmont, there are again at least 
two possibilities: the plant of the former Monongah Glass 
Company, also owned by Hazel-Atlas, and plant #3 of Owens-Illinois Glass. The latter factory was shut down in 1981. \par
}\pard \qc\sl0 
{\plain \f1 ***\par
}\pard \sl0 
{\plain \f1 \par
}{\plain \f1 \par
}{\plain \f1 \par
}{\*\bkmkstart A__}{\*\bkmkend A__}{\plain \f1 {\tc {}{\plain \b\f1 References}}}{\plain \f1 \par
}{\plain \f1 \par
}{\plain \f1 }{\plain \b\f1 Glass, Generally}{\plain \f1 \par
}{\plain \f1 \tab "Glass", in the }{\plain \i\f1 Kirk-Othmer Encyclopedia of Chemical 
Technology}{\plain \f1 \par
}{\plain \f1 \tab "Industrial Glass", "Ravenscroft, George"  in the 
modern}{\plain \i\f1  Encyclopedia Britannica}{\plain \f1 \par
}{\plain \f1 \tab "Glass", in the 1911 }{\plain \i\f1 Encyclopedia Britannica}{\plain \f1 \par
}{\plain \f1 \tab "Glass", in the }{\plain \i\f1 Encyclopedia Americana}{\plain \f1 \par
}{\plain \f1 \tab Gros-Galliner, Gabriella, }{\plain \i\f1 Glass: A Guide for Collectors}{\plain \f1  
(Stein & Day: 1970)\par
}{\plain \f1 \tab "Basics of Design Engineering\'96Engineering 
Materials\'96Additional Materials\'96Glass"\par
}{\plain \f1 http://www.machinedesign.com/BDE/materials/bdemat7/bdemat7_3.html\par
}{\plain \f1 \tab Glasstopia, "Glass is..."\par
}{\field{\fldinst  GOTOBUTTON BM_2_ {\plain \f1 }{\plain \f1 Http://ww.glasstopia.com}}{\fldrslt }}{\plain \f1 \par
}{\plain \f1 (various pages)\par
}{\plain \f1 \tab  Glass Online, "A Brief History of Glass,"  
}{\field{\fldinst  GOTOBUTTON BM_3_ {\plain \f1 }{\plain \f1 http://www.glassonline.com/history.html}}{\fldrslt }}{\plain \ul\f1 }{\plain \ul\f1  \par
}{\plain \ul\f1 \tab Lambert, Joseph B.}{\plain \i\ul\f1 ,Tracing  the Past: Unraveling the 
Secrets of Archaeology Through Chemistry}{\plain \ul\f1  (Perseus Books: 
1997).\par
}{\plain \ul\f1 \tab Ellis, William S., }{\plain \i\ul\f1 Glass: From the First Mirror to 
Fiber Optics, The Story of the Substance That Changed the 
World}{\plain \ul\f1  (Avon Books: 1998) \par
}{\plain \ul\f1 \tab Polak, Ada, Glass: Its Tradition and Its Makers (G.P. 
Putnam\'92s Sons: 1975)\par
}{\plain \ul\f1 \tab Diamond, Freda, }{\plain \i\ul\f1 The Story of Glass}{\plain \ul\f1  139 (Harcourt, 
Brace: 1953). \par
}{\plain \ul\f1 \tab Polak, }{\plain \i\ul\f1 Bottles: Identification and Price Guide}{\plain \ul\f1  (19__)\par
}{\plain \ul\f1 \tab Mehlman, Felice, Phaidon Guide to Glass (Prentice Hall: 
1983)\par
}{\plain \ul\f1 \tab PPG Glass, "History of Glass,"\par
}{\plain \ul\f1  }{\field{\fldinst  GOTOBUTTON BM_4_ {\plain \ul\f1 http://www.ppg.com/gls_ppgglass/architect/history.htm}}{\fldrslt }}{\plain \ul\f1 \par
}{\plain \ul\f1 \par
}{\plain \ul\f1 \par
}{\plain \b\ul\f1 Mirrors and Mirror-Making}{\plain \ul\f1 \par
}{\plain \ul\f1 \tab Wills, }{\plain \i\ul\f1 English Looking Glasses}{\plain \ul\f1 \par
}{\plain \ul\f1 \tab Schiffer, }{\plain \i\ul\f1 The Mirror Book}{\plain \ul\f1 \par
}{\plain \ul\f1 \tab Melchior-Bonnet, Sabine, }{\plain \i\ul\f1 The Mirror: A History}{\plain \ul\f1  18 
(Routledge: 2001)\par
}{\plain \ul\f1 \tab Goldberg, }{\plain \i\ul\f1 The Mirror and Man}{\plain \ul\f1   (U. Virginia Press: 
1985). \par
}{\plain \ul\f1 \tab Newman, }{\plain \i\ul\f1 The Mirror Book}{\plain \ul\f1 \par
}{\plain \ul\f1 \tab Roche, Serge, }{\plain \i\ul\f1 Mirrors}{\plain \ul\f1  (London 1957)\par
}{\plain \ul\f1 \tab Child, }{\plain \i\ul\f1 World Mirrors}{\plain \ul\f1 \par
}{\plain \ul\f1 \tab Mirror Mirror, "History of Mirrors," \par
}{\field{\fldinst  GOTOBUTTON BM_5_ {\plain \ul\f1 }{\plain \ul\f1 http://www.mirrorx2.com/Non_frames/articles_hom.html}}{\fldrslt }}{\plain \ul\f1 \par
}{\plain \ul\f1 \tab  Edwards, Clive, "Eighteenth Century Mirrors", 
}{\field{\fldinst  GOTOBUTTON BM_6_ {\plain \ul\f1 http://www.antiquecc.com/articles/june96/jun1.html}}{\fldrslt }}{\plain \ul\f1 \par
}{\plain \ul\f1 \par
}{\plain \b\ul\f1 Periscopes}{\plain \ul\f1 \par
}{\plain \ul\f1  }{\field{\fldinst  GOTOBUTTON BM_7_ {\plain \ul\f1 }{\plain \f1 http://home.europa.com/~telscope/trsg26.txt}{\plain \ul\f1 ,}}{\fldrslt }}{\plain \ul\f1  quoting Hans 
Seeger,  Militaerische Fernglaeser und Fernrohre, 2.6, 
page185, Scissor Telescopes. Hans Seeger, Hamburg and Alfred 
Koenig, Herborn.  \par
}{\plain \ul\f1 \par
}{\plain \ul\f1 "Submarine Periscope Manual", Chap. 1, p. 1, reprinted at  
}{\field{\fldinst  GOTOBUTTON BM_8_ {\plain \ul\f1 }{\plain \f1 http://www.maritime.org/fleetsub/pscope/chap1.htm}}{\fldrslt }}{\plain \ul\f1 }{\plain \ul\f1  \par
}{\plain \ul\f1 \par
}{\plain \ul\f1 "The Invention of the Submarine," \par
}{\field{\fldinst  GOTOBUTTON BM_9_ {\plain \ul\f1 }{\plain \ul\f1 http://www.vectorsite.net/twsub1.html}}{\fldrslt }}{\plain \ul\f1 \par
}{\plain \ul\f1 \par
}{\plain \ul\f1 "Submarine Centennial," 
http://www.chinfo.navy.mil/navpalib/ships/submarines/centennial/subhistory.html\par
}{\plain \ul\f1 \par
}{\plain \ul\f1 \par
}{\plain \b\ul\f1 Heliographs}{\plain \ul\f1 \par
}{\plain \ul\f1 \tab "Personal View of C.F. von Hermann," in A National 
Weather Service Publication in Support of the Celebration of 
the American Weather Services...Past, Present and Future, 
}{\field{\fldinst  GOTOBUTTON BM_:_ {\plain \ul\f1 www.nws.noaa.gov/pa/history/hermann.htm}}{\fldrslt }}{\plain \ul\f1 \par
}{\plain \ul\f1 \tab Ciolek, "Global Networking: A Timeline, 1000-1799"\par
}\pard \fi-1440\li720\sl0\tx720 
{\field{\fldinst  GOTOBUTTON BM_;_ {\plain \ul\f1 }{\plain \ul\f1 }{\plain \f1 \tab http://www.ciolek.com/PAPERS/GLOBAL/1800.html}}{\fldrslt }}{\plain \ul\f1 }{\plain \ul\f1  citing Coe, \par
}\pard \sl0 
{\plain \ul\f1 \tab Lewis, }{\plain \i\ul\f1 The Telegraph: A History of Morse's Invention 
and its Predecessors in the United States}{\plain \ul\f1  p. 8 (MacFarland 
and Company Publishers : 1993). \par
}{\plain \ul\f1 \tab Plum, William Rattle, }{\plain \i\ul\f1 The military telegraph during the 
Civil War in the United States with an exposition of ancient 
and modern means of communication, and of the federal and 
Confederate cipher systems; also a running account of the 
war between the states}{\plain \ul\f1 . (Chicago : Jansen, McClurg & 
Co.,1882.)\par
}{\plain \ul\f1 \tab Holzmann, Gerald J., "MEMS the Word," Inc magazine 
(Nov. 15, 2000), 
}{\field{\fldinst  GOTOBUTTON BM_<_ {\plain \ul\f1 http://www2.inc.com/incmagazine/articles/21048.html}}{\fldrslt }}{\plain \ul\f1 \par
}{\plain \ul\f1 \tab Rolak, Bruno J.  "The Heliograph in the Geronimo 
Campaign of 1886."  Military History of the  
Spanish-American Southwest:  A Seminar.  Ft Huachuca, AZ, 
1976. \par
}{\plain \ul\f1 pp. 167-79.  F786M5, available online at \par
}{\field{\fldinst  GOTOBUTTON BM_=_ {\plain \ul\f1 }{\plain \ul\f1 http://138.27.35.32/history/html/Rolak.html}}{\fldrslt }}{\plain \ul\f1 \par
}{\plain \ul\f1 \tab Office of the Chief of Naval Operations, Naval History 
Division, Washington, Dictionary of American Naval Fighting 
Ships (DANFS), USS McCall II (DD-400), 
}{\field{\fldinst  GOTOBUTTON BM_>_ {\plain \ul\f1 www.ibiblio.org/hyperwar/USN/ships/dafs/DD/dd400.html}}{\fldrslt }}{\plain \ul\f1 \par
}{\plain \ul\f1 \tab Harris, J.D., "WIRE AT WAR- Signals communication in 
the South African War 1899-1902", Military History Journal - 
Vol 11 No 1 (South African Military History Society)  
}{\field{\fldinst  GOTOBUTTON BM_?_ {\plain \ul\f1 http://rapidttp.com/milhist/vol111jh.html}}{\fldrslt }}{\plain \ul\f1 \par
}{\plain \ul\f1 \tab Miles, Nelson A., }{\plain \i\ul\f1 Personal recollections and 
observations of General Nelson A. Miles,}{\plain \ul\f1  etc. (1992 reprint)\par
}{\plain \ul\f1 \tab Wrixon, Fred B., }{\plain \i\ul\f1 Codes, ciphers & other cryptic & 
clandestine communication: making and breaking secret 
messages from hieroglyphs to the Internet}{\plain \ul\f1  (Black Dog & 
Leventhal Publishers : 1998).\par
}{\plain \ul\f1 \par
}{\plain \b\ul\f1 Rangefinders}{\plain \ul\f1 \par
}{\plain \ul\f1 \tab Ruffell, W.L., "The Gun: sights and laying - 
rangefinding" (1996); }{\field{\fldinst  GOTOBUTTON BM_@_ {\plain \ul\f1 http://riv.co.nz/rnza/hist/art90f.htm}}{\fldrslt }}{\plain \ul\f1 \par
}{\plain \ul\f1 \par
}{\plain \b\ul\f1 Solar Furnaces}{\plain \ul\f1 \par
}{\plain \ul\f1 \tab Butti and Perlin, }{\plain \i\ul\f1 A Golden Thread}{\plain \ul\f1  (Van Nostrand 
Reinhold: 1980)\par
}{\plain \ul\f1 \tab "A Brief History of Solar Energy" 
http://www.uccs.edu/~energy/courses/160lectures/solhist.htm\par
}{\plain \ul\f1 \par
}{\plain \ul\f1 http://www.liceomarconi.it/Progetti/PEE-1999_2000/engineers2e.html\par
}{\plain \ul\f1 \tab "Energy-Conserving Devices: Solar Cooker," 
}{\field{\fldinst  GOTOBUTTON BM_A_ {\plain \ul\f1 http://www.21design.com/prodinfo/devices.html}}{\fldrslt }}{\plain \ul\f1 \par
}{\plain \ul\f1 \tab Jones, Steven E., "The Solar Funnel Cooker: How to Make 
and Use The BYU Solar Cooker/Cooler," \par
}{\field{\fldinst  GOTOBUTTON BM_B_ {\plain \ul\f1 }{\plain \ul\f1 http://solarcooking.org/funnel.htm}}{\fldrslt }}{\plain \ul\f1  and related pages.  \par
}{\plain \ul\f1 \tab Jones, Stephen E., "Basic Principles of Solar Cooking, 
and Introducing the Foil-ware Solar Cooker," (July 25, 2001)  
\par
}{\field{\fldinst  GOTOBUTTON BM_C_ {\plain \ul\f1 }{\plain \ul\f1 http://physics1.byu.edu/jones/rel491/solarbowl.htm}}{\fldrslt }}{\plain \ul\f1 \par
}{\plain \ul\f1 \par
}{\plain \b\ul\f1 Medieval Glass}{\plain \ul\f1 \par
}{\plain \ul\f1 \tab Hawthorne, John G. and Smith, Cyril Stanley, transl., 
}{\plain \i\ul\f1 On Divers Arts: The Treatise of Theophilus}{\plain \ul\f1 ,  Chapters 6 
("How to Make Sheets of Glass"), pp. 54-5,  and 9 
("Spreading Out the Glass Sheets"), p. 57 (U. Chicago Press: 
1963).  "Theophilus" is believed to be a pseudonym for Roger 
of Helmarsshausen, a Benedictine monk and metalworker.  Id., 
xvi.\par
}{\plain \ul\f1 \tab Kunzig, Robert,  "The Physics of Glass," }{\plain \i\ul\f1 DISCOVER}{\plain \ul\f1  Vol. 
20 No. 10 (October 1999), 
}{\field{\fldinst  GOTOBUTTON BM_D_ {\plain \ul\f1 http://www.discover.com/oct_99/physics.html}}{\fldrslt }}{\plain \ul\f1 \par
}{\plain \ul\f1 \par
}{\plain \b\ul\f1 Venetian Glass}{\plain \ul\f1 \par
}{\plain \ul\f1 \tab Mehlman, Felice, }{\plain \i\ul\f1 Phaidon Guide to Glass}{\plain \ul\f1  (Prentice Hall 
Inc.: 1982).\par
}{\plain \ul\f1 \tab Walker, Della, "The History of Venetian Glass"\par
}{\plain \ul\f1 \tab "Origins of Glass", 
}{\field{\fldinst  GOTOBUTTON BM_E_ {\plain \ul\f1 http://www.americanantiquities.com/articles/article9.html}}{\fldrslt }}{\plain \ul\f1 \par
}{\plain \ul\f1 \tab I. De Raedt, B. Vekemans, K. Janssens, F. Adams, 
"Synchrotron light through ancient glass," Europhysics News 
(2000) Vol. 31 No. 6 , 
}{\field{\fldinst  GOTOBUTTON BM_F_ {\plain \ul\f1 http://www.europhysicsnews.com/full/06/article4/article4.html,}}{\fldrslt }}{\plain \ul\f1 \par
}{\plain \ul\f1 \par
}{\plain \b\ul\f1 Plate Glass and Float Glass}{\plain \ul\f1 \par
}{\plain \ul\f1 \tab "The Inventor of Float Glass",\par
}{\field{\fldinst  GOTOBUTTON BM_G_ {\plain \ul\f1 }{\plain \ul\f1 http://www.glassresource.com/sub/general/alastair.htm}}{\fldrslt }}{\plain \ul\f1  \par
}{\plain \ul\f1 \tab Pilkington company history,  \par
}{\field{\fldinst  GOTOBUTTON BM_H_ {\plain \ul\f1 }{\plain \ul\f1 http://www.pilkington.com/about/}}{\fldrslt }}{\plain \ul\f1 \par
}{\plain \ul\f1 \tab BBCi, "Historic Figures: Sir Alastair 
Pilkington,"http://www.bbc.co.uk/history/historic_figures/pilkington_alastair.shtml\par
}{\plain \ul\f1 \tab "Float Glass" \par
}{\field{\fldinst  GOTOBUTTON BM_I_ {\plain \ul\f1 }{\plain \ul\f1 http://www.ideas21.co.uk/318}}{\fldrslt }}{\plain \ul\f1 \par
}{\plain \ul\f1 \par
}{\plain \b\ul\f1 Silvering Mirrors}{\plain \ul\f1 \par
}{\plain \ul\f1 \tab Kay Reat and Gerry Munley , "Justus von Liebig: An 
Educational Paradox," 
http://step.sdsc.edu/projects95/chem.in.history/essays/liebig.html\par
}{\plain \ul\f1 \par
}{\plain \b\ul\f1 Lead Glass}{\plain \ul\f1 \par
}{\plain \ul\f1 \tab Winder, "The History of Lead"\par
}{\field{\fldinst  GOTOBUTTON BM_J_ {\plain \ul\f1 }{\plain \ul\f1 http://www.lead.org.au/lanv2n3/lanv2n3-22.html}}{\fldrslt }}{\plain \ul\f1 \par
}{\plain \ul\f1 \par
}{\plain \b\ul\f1 Borosilicate glass}{\plain \ul\f1 \par
}{\plain \ul\f1 \tab Corning Museum of Glass, "The Unbreakable Glass of 
Ancient Rome"\par
}{\field{\fldinst  GOTOBUTTON BM_K_ {\plain \ul\f1 }{\plain \ul\f1 http://www.cmog.org/index.asp?pageId=742}}{\fldrslt }}{\plain \ul\f1 \par
}{\plain \ul\f1 \tab "Boron Compounds (Oxides, Acid, Borates)" in the }{\plain \i\ul\f1 Kirk-Othmer Encyclopedia of Chemical Technology}{\plain \ul\f1 \par
}{\plain \ul\f1 \tab Smith, "Borax in Glass\'96Ancient or Modern?", Pioneer 
Magazine (January 1997), online \par
}{\field{\fldinst  GOTOBUTTON BM_L_ {\plain \ul\f1 }{\plain \ul\f1 http://www.borax.com/pioneer18.html}}{\fldrslt }}{\plain \ul\f1 \par
}{\plain \ul\f1 \tab Hochleitner, }{\plain \i\ul\f1 Minerals: Identifying, Classifying, and 
Collecting Them }{\plain \ul\f1 \par
}{\plain \ul\f1 \par
}{\plain \b\ul\f1 Clarksburg/Fairmont Glass Factories}{\plain \ul\f1 \par
}{\plain \ul\f1 \tab Eagle Glass Specialties, Inc. website, accessed through\par
}{\field{\fldinst  GOTOBUTTON BM_M_ {\plain \ul\f1 }{\plain \ul\f1 http://www.thomasregister,com}}{\fldrslt }}{\plain \ul\f1 \par
}{\plain \ul\f1 \tab "Brockway Glass"\par
}{\field{\fldinst  GOTOBUTTON BM_N_ {\plain \ul\f1 }{\plain \ul\f1 http://www.nancyscollectibles.com/novnewsletter2.html}}{\fldrslt }}{\plain \ul\f1 \par
}{\plain \ul\f1 \tab "Hazel Atlas Glass Company"\par
}{\field{\fldinst  GOTOBUTTON BM_O_ {\plain \ul\f1 }{\plain \ul\f1 http://www.ginni.com/collection/hazel_atlas.html}}{\fldrslt }}{\plain \ul\f1 \par
}{\plain \ul\f1 \tab "About Anchor Hocking"\par
}{\field{\fldinst  GOTOBUTTON BM_P_ {\plain \ul\f1 }{\plain \ul\f1 http://www.anchorhocking.com/main_aboutanchorhocking.html}}{\fldrslt }}{\plain \ul\f1 \par
}{\plain \ul\f1 \tab "Hazel Atlas: A Home-Grown Corporation"\par
}{\field{\fldinst  GOTOBUTTON BM_Q_ {\plain \ul\f1 }{\plain \ul\f1 http://www.wvculture.org/history/wvhs1721.html}}{\fldrslt }}{\plain \ul\f1 \par
}{\plain \ul\f1 \par
}{\plain \b\ul\f1 Glass and Corrosion}{\plain \ul\f1 \par
}{\plain \ul\f1 \tab Chap. 18, "Spot and Roebuck (Acid)", in }{\plain \i\ul\f1 Caveman 
Chemistry}{\plain \ul\f1  \par
}{\field{\fldinst  GOTOBUTTON BM_R_ {\plain \ul\f1 }{\plain \ul\f1 http://www.cavemanchemistry.com/cavebook/chsaltepeter.html}}{\fldrslt }}{\plain \ul\f1 \par
}{\plain \ul\f1 \tab Fontana, }{\plain \i\ul\f1 Corrosion Engineering}{\plain \ul\f1  (1986)\par
}{\plain \ul\f1 \tab Barbour, }{\plain \i\ul\f1 Glassblowing for Laboratory Technicians}{\plain \ul\f1  (1978)\par
}{\plain \ul\f1 \par
}{\plain \b\ul\f1 Miscellaneous}{\plain \ul\f1 \par
}{\plain \ul\f1 \tab Wilson, John Harold, }{\plain \i\ul\f1 Nell Gwyn, Royal Mistress}{\plain \ul\f1  159-61 
(Pelligrini & Cudahy 1952).\par
}{\plain \ul\f1 \tab "History of Hydroponics"\par
}{\field{\fldinst  GOTOBUTTON BM_S_ {\plain \ul\f1 }{\plain \ul\f1 http://ag.arizona.edu/hydroponictomatoes/history.htm}}{\fldrslt }}{\plain \ul\f1 \par
}{\plain \ul\f1 \tab "How Does Bulletproof Glass Work",\par
}{\field{\fldinst  GOTOBUTTON BM_T_ {\plain \ul\f1 }{\plain \ul\f1 http://www.science.howstuffworks.com/question476.htm}}{\fldrslt }}{\plain \ul\f1 \par
}{\plain \ul\f1 \tab Hecht, Jeff, }{\plain \i\ul\f1 City of Light: The Story of Fiber Optics}{\plain \ul\f1 \par
}{\plain \ul\f1 \tab "History of Canning" and "Canning Jars" at \par
}{\field{\fldinst  GOTOBUTTON BM_U_ {\plain \ul\f1 }{\plain \ul\f1 http://missvickie.com}}{\fldrslt }}{\plain \ul\f1 \par
}{\plain \ul\f1 \tab "History of Canning"\par
}{\field{\fldinst  GOTOBUTTON BM_V_ {\plain \ul\f1 }{\plain \ul\f1 http://www.delmonte.com/news/cans1/body.htm}}{\fldrslt }}{\plain \ul\f1 \par
}{\plain \ul\f1 \tab "Can Central History"\par
}{\field{\fldinst  GOTOBUTTON BM_W_ {\plain \ul\f1 }{\plain \ul\f1 http://www.cancentral.com/history.cfm}}{\fldrslt }}{\plain \ul\f1 \par
}{\plain \ul\f1 \tab Hinson, "A Primer on Fruit Jars"\par
}{\field{\fldinst  GOTOBUTTON BM_X_ {\plain \ul\f1 }{\plain \ul\f1 http://www.fohbc.com/FOHBC_References3.htm}}{\fldrslt }}{\plain \ul\f1 \pard \sl0 
}}}}  81-\;83f01
\1