{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f36\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Tahoma;}
{\f37\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times;}{\f38\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f39\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f41\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}
{\f42\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f43\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f44\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f45\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\f46\froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\f398\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Tahoma CE;}{\f399\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Tahoma Cyr;}{\f401\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Tahoma Greek;}{\f402\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Tahoma Tur;}
{\f403\fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Tahoma (Hebrew);}{\f404\fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Tahoma (Arabic);}{\f405\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Tahoma Baltic;}{\f406\fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Tahoma (Vietnamese);}{\f407\fswiss\fcharset222\fprq2 Tahoma (Thai);}
{\f408\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times CE;}{\f409\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times Cyr;}{\f411\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times Greek;}{\f412\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times Tur;}{\f413\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times (Hebrew);}
{\f414\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times (Arabic);}{\f415\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times Baltic;}{\f416\froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times (Vietnamese);}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;
\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\cgrid\langnp1024\langfenp1024 \snext11 \ssemihidden Normal Table;}{\s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\f36\fs16\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext15 \ssemihidden Balloon Text;}{\s16\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext16 header;}{\s17\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 
\sbasedon0 \snext17 footer;}{\*\cs18 \additive \sbasedon10 page number;}{\*\cs19 \additive \sbasedon10 line number;}}{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax156\lsdlockeddef0}{\*\generator Microsoft Word 11.0.6502;}{\info{\title New York Regulation, Reg}
{\author T02590}{\operator NYSDTF}{\creatim\yr2005\mo12\dy15\hr12\min22}{\revtim\yr2005\mo12\dy15\hr12\min22}{\printim\yr2005\mo12\dy2\hr10\min53}{\version2}{\edmins0}{\nofpages3}{\nofwords1715}{\nofchars9776}{\*\company nysdtf}{\nofcharsws11469}
{\vern24579}}\margl720\margr720 \widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\formshade\horzdoc\dgmargin\dghspace180\dgvspace180\dghorigin720\dgvorigin1440\dghshow1\dgvshow1
\jexpand\viewkind1\viewscale100\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\splytwnine\ftnlytwnine\htmautsp\nolnhtadjtbl\useltbaln\alntblind\lytcalctblwd\lyttblrtgr\lnbrkrule\nobrkwrptbl\snaptogridincell\allowfieldendsel\wrppunct\asianbrkrule\nojkernpunct \fet0{\*\ftnsep 
\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\chftnsep 
\par }}{\*\ftnsepc \pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\chftnsepc 
\par }}{\*\aftnsep \pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\chftnsep 
\par }}{\*\aftnsepc \pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\chftnsepc 
\par }}\sectd \psz1\linex0\linecont\titlepg\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\header \pard\plain \s16\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640\pvpara\phmrg\posxc\posy0\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\field{\*\fldinst {\cs18 PAGE  }}{\fldrslt {\cs18\lang1024\langfe1024\noproof 2}}}{\cs18 
\par }\pard \s16\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {
\par }}{\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}
{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \qc \li0\ri0\sl480\slmult1\widctlpar\tx3540\tqc\tx4680\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\charrsid16330501 STATE OF NEW YORK
\par DEPARTMENT OF TAXATION AND FINANCE
\par COMMISSIONER OF TAXATION AND FINANCE
\par ALBANY, NEW YORK
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\sl480\slmult1\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs28\charrsid16330501 \tab }{\field{\*\fldinst {\charrsid16330501  SEQ CHAPTER \\h \\r 1}}{\fldrslt }}{\charrsid16330501 
Pursuant to the authority contained in subdivision First of section 171, subsection (a) of section 652, subsection (a) of section 657, and subsection (a) of section 697 of the Tax Law, the Commissioner of Taxation and Finance hereby make}{s}{
\charrsid16330501  and adopt}{s}{\charrsid16330501  the following amendments to the New York State Personal Income Tax Regulations under Article 22 of the Tax Law, as published in Subc
hapter A of Chapter II of Title 20 of the Official Compilation of Codes, Rules and Regulations of the State of New York, to read as follows:}{\fs28\charrsid16330501 
\par }\pard \ql \fi720\li0\ri0\sl480\slmult1\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\charrsid16330501 Section 1.  The unlettered paragraph in section 152.12 of the Personal Income Tax regulations is amended to read as follows:  }{\b\charrsid16330501 
\par }{\charrsid16330501 
Any New York State income tax return required to be filed under this Subchapter, by or for a resident individual, a nonresident individual, a partnership, a resident estate or trust or a nonresident estate or trust, must be delivered [or]}{
\ul\charrsid16330501 , }{\charrsid16330501 mailed}{\ul\charrsid16330501 , or transmitted}{\charrsid16330501  to [:New York State Income Tax, W.A. Harriman Campus, Albany, NY 12227] }{\ul\charrsid16330501 
the address or location as directed in the appropriate forms and instructions}{\charrsid16330501 .       
\par Section 2. The unlettered paragraph in section 152.13 of such regulations is amended to read as follows:
\par All applications for extensions of time must be delivered [or]}{\ul\charrsid16330501 , }{\charrsid16330501 mailed}{\ul\charrsid16330501 , or transmitted}{\charrsid16330501  to [: New York State Income Tax, W.A. Harriman Campus, Albany, NY 12227] }{
\ul\charrsid16330501 the address or location as directed in the appropriate forms and instructions}{\charrsid16330501 .  (see Part 157 of this Article).}{\charrsid16330501 
\par Section 3.  Subdivisions (a) and (b) of section 157.1 of such regulations are amended to read as follows:
\par (a) }{\ul\charrsid16330501 (1)}{\charrsid16330501 The Department [of Taxation and Finance] may grant a reasonable extension of time for filing any New York State income tax return, statement}{\ul\charrsid16330501 ,}{\charrsid16330501 
 or other required document or for payment of New York State income tax or estimated tax (or any installment) on such terms and conditions as it may require. However, with the exception of a taxpayer who is outside t
he United States and Puerto Rico or who intends to claim nonresident status pursuant to the provisions of section [105.20(b)(2) of this Title] }{\ul\charrsid16330501 605(b)(1)(A)(ii) of the Tax Law}{\charrsid16330501 
, no such extension shall be for more than six months. 
\par }{\ul\charrsid16330501 (2) To be granted any of t
he extensions described in paragraph (1) of this subdivision,  individuals serving in the Armed Forces of the United States are required to comply with the terms and conditions of this Part.  However, section 696 of the Tax Law provides  certain individua
ls who are serving or who have been injured while serving in combat zones, contingency operations where the individual is deployed outside the United States away from the individual\rquote 
s permanent duty station, or qualified hazardous duty areas with additional time to file returns, make payments of tax, and claim any credits or refunds. See section 696 of the Tax Law for more detailed information. }{\charrsid16330501  
\par (b) An extension of time to file a New York State personal income tax return automatically extends to the same da
te the time to file a City of New York resident personal income tax return, [a City of New York nonresident earnings tax return,] a City of Yonkers resident income tax surcharge return}{\ul\charrsid16330501 ,}{\charrsid16330501 
 and a City of Yonkers nonresident earnings tax return.
\par Section 4.  Section 157.2 of such regulations is repealed and a new section 157.2 is added to read as follows: }{\charrsid16330501 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl480\slmult1\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\charrsid16330501 Sec.  157.2     Application for automatic extension of time for filing New York State income tax returns.  
\par }\pard \ql \fi720\li0\ri0\sl480\slmult1\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\charrsid16330501 (a)  The Department will grant an automatic six-mon
th extension of time to file a New York State income tax return beyond the date prescribed for  filing the return upon the proper application by the individual, partnership, or fiduciary required to file the  return.   The application must be filed on or 
before the date prescribed for filing the return.  
\par (b) The Department will set forth in the appropriate forms and instructions the different methods, along with the terms and conditions for each, for individuals, partnerships, and fiduciaries to a make pro
per application for the automatic extension of time to file a New York State income tax return.   The methods may include, but are not limited to, the  use of the appropriate New York State application form, the corresponding federal application form, ele
ctronic filing, and the Department\rquote s web site application process.    
\par }\pard \ql \fi240\li0\ri0\sl480\slmult1\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\charrsid16330501  }{\tab }{\charrsid16330501 
(c) (1) (i) In the case of a an individual or a fiduciary, the application for automatic extension of time for filing a New York State income tax return must be accompanied by a full r
emittance of the amounts properly estimated as New York State personal income tax, City of New York tax, and City of Yonkers tax remaining unpaid as of the date prescribed for filing the return. 
\par }\pard \ql \fi720\li0\ri0\sl480\slmult1\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\charrsid16330501 (ii) For purposes of this Part, the \'93New York State personal income tax\'94
 means the amount of New York State personal income tax imposed under article 22 of the Tax Law; the \'93City of New York tax\'94 means the City of New York personal income tax imposed under Chapter 17 of Title 11 of the Administrative Code of the Ci
ty of New York; and the \'93City of Yonkers tax\'94
 means the City of Yonkers income tax surcharge on residents imposed under article IX of the Codes and Ordinances of the City of Yonkers and the City of Yonkers earning tax on nonresidents imposed under article 
X of the Codes and Ordinances of the City of Yonkers.
\par (2) In the case of an individual or a fiduciary, and notwithstanding any other provision of this Title, the application for automatic extension of time for filing the income tax return must be accompani
ed by a full remittance of any sales and compensating use taxes remaining unpaid as of the date prescribed for filing the income tax return (see Part R3 of Chapter 62 of the Laws of 2003, as amended by Part V of Chapter 686 of the Laws of 2003). 
\par (d) Any a
utomatic extension of time for filing a New York State income tax return granted under this section will not operate to extend the time for the payment of any New York State personal income tax, City of New York tax, City of Yonkers tax,  or sales and com
pensating use taxes due on the return.   }{\charrsid16330501 
(However, see section 157.5 of this Part for extension of time for payment of New York State personal income tax, City of New York tax, and City of Yonkers tax. Also, see section 2392.1 of this Title for provisions r
elating to the presumption of reasonable cause for purposes of not imposing the late payment addition to tax).
\par }\pard \ql \fi240\li0\ri0\sl480\slmult1\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\charrsid16330501  }{\tab }{\charrsid16330501 
(e) Except in undue hardship cases, the Department will not grant an extension of time to file a New York State income tax return unless the pr
ovisions for application set forth both in this section and in the appropriate forms and instructions have been met.   
\par }\pard \ql \fi720\li0\ri0\sl480\slmult1\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\charrsid16330501 Section 5.   Section 157.3 of the regulations is repealed and a new section 157.3 is added to read as follows:  
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl480\slmult1\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\charrsid16330501 Sec. 157.3 Additional extension of time.
\par }\pard \ql \fi720\li0\ri0\sl480\slmult1\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\charrsid16330501 (a)  \'93}{\charrsid16330501 Maximum period of extension of time to file a New York State income tax return.\'94}{\charrsid16330501 
  Except as provided in subdivision (b) of this section, the maximum period of extension of time to file a New York State income tax return under the pr
ovisions of Section 657 of the Tax Law and of this Part is six months.  The period of extension is computed from the original due date of the income tax return.  
\par (b) \'93Additional extension of time to file beyond six months.\'94  (1)  The Department may grant an extension of time to file for longer than six months to a taxpayer:
\par }\pard \ql \fi240\li0\ri0\sl480\slmult1\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\charrsid16330501  }{\tab }{\charrsid16330501 (i) who is outside the United States and Puerto Rico, or 
\par }\pard \ql \fi720\li0\ri0\sl480\slmult1\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\charrsid16330501 (ii) who intends to claim nonresident status pursuant to section  605(b)(1)(A)(ii) of the Tax Law.
\par (2) A taxpayer who qualifi
es under paragraph (1) of this subdivision may make application for an extension of time to file beyond six months from the original due date of the income tax return  by making a written request as prescribed in the appropriate forms and instructions. 

\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl480\slmult1\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\charrsid16330501  \tab Section 6.  Subdivision (b) of section 157.4 of such regulations is amended to read as follows: 
\par }\pard \ql \fi720\li0\ri0\sl480\slmult1\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\charrsid16330501 (b) \'93}{\charrsid16330501 Application for additional [two-month] }{\ul\charrsid16330501 four-month}{\charrsid16330501  automatic extension of time to file.\'94}{
\charrsid16330501  Where a New York State personal income tax return cannot be filed on or before the end of the automatic }{\charrsid16330501 two-month }{\charrsid16330501 
extension of time referred to in subdivision (a) of this section, a taxpayer will be allowed an additional }{\charrsid16330501 [two-month] }{\ul\charrsid16330501 four-month}{\charrsid16330501  }{\charrsid16330501 
extension of time if such taxpayer files an application and makes the required
 payment of New York State personal income tax, City of New York tax, and City of Yonkers tax on or before the end of such automatic two-month extension of time in accordance with the provisions of section 157.2 of this Part. Interest at the rate prescrib
ed by the Commissioner [of Taxation and Finance] (see Part 2393 of this Title) on any balance of New York State personal income tax, City of New York tax}{\ul\charrsid16330501 ,}{\charrsid16330501 
 and City of Yonkers tax will be due from the due date of the New York State personal income tax return (determined without regard to any extension of time) to the date of payment.
\par Section 7.  Subdivision (a) and paragraphs (1) and (2) of subdivision (b) of section 157.5 of such regulations are amended to read as follows:  
\par (a) \'93}{\charrsid16330501 Income tax payments.\'94}{\charrsid16330501  The De
partment [of Taxation and Finance] may, apart from any extension of time to file a New York State income tax return, grant a reasonable extension of time for payment of the New York State personal income tax, City of New York tax}{\ul\charrsid16330501 ,}{
\charrsid16330501  and City of Yonkers tax upon receipt of a letter from the taxpayer giving complete information as to the reasons for such taxpayer's inability to make payment of the New York State personal income tax, City of New York tax}{
\ul\charrsid16330501 ,}{\charrsid16330501  and City of Yonkers tax on or before the prescribed due d
ate. However, except as provided in subdivision (b) of this section, where the time for payment of any New York State personal income tax, City of New York tax}{\ul\charrsid16330501 ,}{\charrsid16330501 
 and City of Yonkers tax is extended, interest will be added at the rate prescribed by the Commi
ssioner [of Taxation and Finance] (see Part 2393 of this Title) on any balance due from the original due date of the New York State income tax return (determined without regard to any extension of time) to the date of payment. 
\par (b)\'94 }{\charrsid16330501 Estimated tax payments.\'94}{\charrsid16330501 
 (1) The Department [of Taxation and Finance] may grant an extension of time for paying any installment of estimated tax required to be paid, in order to avoid the addition to tax imposed under section 685(c) of the Tax Law (see section 185.3 of this Titl
e), without interest. Such extension, however, will only be granted because the taxpayer is seriously ill or for other compelling reasons. A request for an extension of time for paying any installment of estimated tax should be made by letter and mailed t
o New York State Income Tax, W. A. Harriman Campus, Albany, N.Y. 12227. 
\par (2) An extension of time for paying any installment of estimated tax will normally be limited to one month and, except in cases of a taxpayer who is outside the United States and Puert
o Rico or a taxpayer who intends to claim nonresident status pursuant to section [105.20(b)(2) of this Title]}{\ul\charrsid16330501  605(b)(1)(A)(ii) of the Tax Law}{\charrsid16330501 , no extension will be granted for more than six months.     
\par Section 8.  Section 157.6 of such regulations is repealed. 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\charrsid16330501      }{\tab }{\charrsid16330501 Section 9. }{\charrsid16330501 This regulation shall apply to taxable years beginning on or after January 1, 2005.
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {
\par 
\par }{\charrsid16330501 Dated:  Albany, New York
\par \tab  }{December 13, 2005
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par }{\lang1024\langfe1024\noproof {\shp{\*\shpinst\shpleft5040\shptop25\shpright9000\shpbottom25\shpfhdr0\shpbxcolumn\shpbxignore\shpbypara\shpbyignore\shpwr3\shpwrk0\shpfblwtxt0\shpz0\shplid1029
{\sp{\sn shapeType}{\sv 20}}{\sp{\sn fFlipH}{\sv 0}}{\sp{\sn fFlipV}{\sv 0}}{\sp{\sn shapePath}{\sv 4}}{\sp{\sn fFillOK}{\sv 0}}{\sp{\sn fFilled}{\sv 0}}
{\sp{\sn fArrowheadsOK}{\sv 1}}{\sp{\sn fLayoutInCell}{\sv 1}}}{\shprslt{\*\do\dobxcolumn\dobypara\dodhgt8192\dpline\dpptx0\dppty0\dpptx3960\dppty0\dpx5040\dpy25\dpxsize3960\dpysize0\dplinew15\dplinecor0\dplinecog0\dplinecob0}}}}{\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab 
\tab \tab Andrew S. Eristoff
\par }\pard \qj \fi720\li4320\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin4320\itap0 {\charrsid16330501 Commissioner of Taxation and Finance
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\charrsid16330501 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \fi240\li0\ri0\sl480\slmult1\widctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\charrsid16330501 
\par }} t31
dsa{08l1