{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f1\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}}
{\colortbl ;\red255\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green128\blue0;}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\b\i\f0\fs28 Warzone Version 1.12 Update\b0\i0\par
\fs24 by Pumpkin-2 a.k.a. the TWZ Group\par
\fs16 (or, if you want, "the group previously known as NEWST")\par
\fs24\par
\pard\tx1890 Lead Advisor..........\tab RBL-4Nik8r\par
Programmer............\tab Stratadrake\par
Testers/Advisors.....\tab Ragnar\par
...............................\tab Willis\par
...............................\tab Chojun\par
...............................\tab Impulse\par
...............................\tab And other TWZ beta testers not listed\par
\pard\par
\b\i Overview and Important Info:\b0\i0\par
\pard\li360\par
Version 1.12 is a total update "mod" for Warzone 2100.  The goal of the v1.12 mod is to improve the sense of balance in Warzone play, with a focus on creating new opportunities and strategies to exploit, and to discourage the temptation of "ant-swarm" tactics.\par
\par
\b Version 1.12\b0  is a weapon-containing mod and therefore \b DOES NOT MIX\b0  with other weapon-containing mods, such as WZCK mods, mod-containing maps (e.g. "Citadel") or mod-containing AI's (like "Genghis Khan").\par
\par
\b Version 1.12 is designed to be run with stock v1.10 AI only.\b0   Various NEWST AI's, like the "Turtle" AI for example, are \b not\b0  compatible with Version 1.12 and will cause a Warzone crash if they are present when Version 1.12 is run.\par
\par
However, we the TWZ Group have plans to release a set of v1.12-compatible AI's, and will do so at a later date.\par
\pard\par
\b\i Installation:\b0\i0\par
\pard\li360\par
\cf1\b 1.\cf0\b0   \cf2 Unzip all files to your Warzone directory\cf0 , remembering to use your zip utility's "use folder names" (or equivalent) option.  If you are asked whether to overwrite any files, say 'Yes'.  Generally, the only files that will be overwritten are the current ruleset files (rules.slo, rules.vlo) in your \cf3 Warzone\\multiplay\\skirmish\cf0  directory.\par
\par
The following files will be installed to your Warzone directory:\par
\b jan03 BETA 7-1.wdg\b0\tab -- v1.12 core file (active)\b\par
fortress12.wzw\b0\tab -- Fortress Compatibility Mod (inactive -- see Notes)\par
\b WZS v1.12 Ruleset.zip\b0\tab -- v1.12 Warzone Starter plug-in (explained later)\b\par
\b0\par
In addition, these files will also be installed to your \cf3 Warzone\\multiplay\\skirmish\cf0  directory:\par
\b Set_v12_Tech.bat\par
v12_rules.slo\par
v12_rules.vlo\par
v12_tech.slo\par
v12_tech2.vlo\par
v12_tech3.vlo\par
Set_v10-v11_Tech.bat\par
v10_rules.slo\par
v10_rules.vlo\par
v10_tech.slo\par
v10_tech2.vlo\par
v10_tech3.vlo\par
rules.slo\par
rules.vlo\par
sktech.slo\par
sk2tech.vlo\par
sk3tech.vlo\par
\b0\par
\cf1\b 2.\cf0\b0   This just about completes the Version 1.12 installation -- there is just one final step left.  Go to your \cf3 Warzone\\multiplay\\skirmish\cf0  directory and double-click on the "\cf2 Set_v12_Tech.bat\cf0 " file to apply the Version 1.12 Ruleset (and also read the message that appears).   \b Now\b0  you are ready to use Version 1.12 in Warzone!\par
\par
\pard\b\i Switching Version 1.12 "on" and "off":\b0\i0\par
\par
\pard\li360 The Version 1.12 core file (jan03 BETA 7-1.wdg) itself may be switched on or off just like any other Warzone mod (such as through Warzone Starter, or by renaming its file extention to ".wdg" (on) or ".wzw" (off).) -- but there is one VERY important twist:  \b you must switch the Version 1.12 ruleset "on" and "off" in tandem with the actual WDG.\b0\par
\par
There are two ways of doing this, by hand or through Warzone Starter:\par
\par
\b BY HAND:\par
\b0\par
\pard\li720\b To switch "off", or disable Version 1.12:\b0\par
\par
\b 1:\b0   Rename the Version 1.12 core file from a ".wdg" extension to ".wzw" .\par
\b 2:\b0   Go to your \cf3 Warzone\\multiplay\\skirmish\cf0  directory and double-click the "\cf2 Set_v10-v11_Tech.bat\cf0 " file -- this will set Warzone back to the original v1.10 ruleset.\par
\par
\b To switch "on", or enable, Version 1.12 again:\b0\par
\par
\b 1:\b0   Rename the Version 1.12 core file from a ".wzw" extension to ".wdg" .\par
\b 2:\b0   Go to your \cf3 Warone\\multiplay\\skirmish\cf0  directory and double-click the "\cf2 Set_v12_Tech.bat\cf0 " file to enable the Version 1.12 ruleset.\par
\pard\li360\par
\b USING WARZONE STARTER \b0 (WZS)\b :\b0\par
\par
To switch Version 1.12 on and off through Warzone Starter, you must first install the Version 1.12 WZS compatible ruleset (this is included with the Version 1.12 package).  After installating Version 1.12, open up the "\cf2 WZS v1.12 Ruleset.zip\cf0 " and unzip its contents into your Warzone Starter directory.\par
\par
\pard\li720\b To switch "off", or disable Version 1.12 using WZS:\b0\par
\par
\b 1:\b0   On the "Mods" tab, disable the Version 1.12 core file (jan03 BETA 7-1) .\par
\b 2:\b0   Go to the "AI" tab, select "v1.12 Rules" from the Rules listbox, and hit Apply.\par
\par
\b To switch "on", or enable, Version 1.12 again using WZS:\b0\par
\par
\b 1:\b0   On the "Mods" tab, enable the Version 1.12 core file (jan03 BETA 7-1) .\par
\b 2:\b0   Go to the "AI" tab, select a desired v1.10 ruleset (original, humans vs. ai, anything), and hit Apply.\par
\pard\par
\b Notes:\b0\par
\pard\li360\par
\i What's this about a Version 1.12 Ruleset?\par
\par
\i0 In short, we could not bring Version 1.12 to life and keep it compatible with existing rulesets at the same time.  Warzone's research tree is stretched nearly to its limit, and it became impossible to maintain backwards compatibility between Version 1.12's research tree and other rulesets.  The Version 1.12 ruleset is essentially a stripped-down version of the original v1.10 ruleset; old code such as auto-research (for T2 and T3 play) has been moved out of the ruleset and embedded directly in the Version 1.12 wdg file.  (This will also make it easier to create, for example, v1.12 compatible WZCK research mods)\par
\par
Because Version 1.12 uses a different ruleset than either v1.10 or v1.11, if you are using the v1.12 ruleset while another player has the original v1.10/11 ruleset, Warzone will think one of you is trying to cheat, and promptly crash.\par
\par
\i Can I run Version 1.12 without the v1.12 ruleset, or vice versa?\i0\par
\par
\b NO!\b0   Trying to use the Version 1.12 wdg file without first enabling the Version 1.12 ruleset will cause Warzone to crash.  On the other hand, using the Version 1.12 ruleset without playing Version 1.12 itself will not cause Warzone to crash, but will nonetheless cause severe problems, especially in T-1 skirmishes.  So in short, just don't try it.\par
\par
\i What's this "fortress12.wzw" file?\i0\par
\par
Most simple maps are compatible with Version 1.12, no changes necessary.  One map however, the NEWST "Fortress" map, is an exception to this rule.  "Fortress" isn't exactly a mod-containing map but it is nonetheless a little more than a simple map, and it interferes with Version 1.12 play.  However, since this map is useful for testing mods (and a favorite among some of our members), a fix for this problem has been included with Version 1.12 .  If you don't have the NEWST "Fortress" map, don't worry about it.  On the other hand, if you do have the NEWST "Fortress" map, you will need to enable and disable the "fortress12" file along with Version 1.12 itself (either by hand or using Warzone Starter) to play Fortress using Version 1.12.  (Failure to do so may cause a crash on not just Fortress but also on other Mountain-themed maps)\par
\pard\par
\b\i\par
Major News, Improvements, Fixes in Version 1.12:\b0\i0\par
Sorted by category:\par
\par
\b KNOWN PROBLEMS:\b0\par
\pard\fi-270\li360\tx360 *\tab Saving a single-player skirmish and then loading it causes Warzone to crash.  We are investigating this problem and hope to fix it in a later update to v1.12 .\par
*\tab What happened to "Neural Synapse Research Brain" research?  Surprise, you have to research "Super Cyborg Production" before it will appear.  SCP research is easy to find during your T2 level research.\par
\pard\tab\par
\b General:\par
\pard\fi-270\li360\tx360\b0 *\tab A \b secret weapon\b0  never before available for Warzone!  You might not believe us if we told you -- you have to see it for yourself.  T1, T2, and T3 versions are out there (including cyborgs), so have a blast!\par
*\tab EMP is now easier to research (mid-T2 instead of late T3) and more useful than before, especially the VTOL version.\par
*\tab Tank Traps not only look cooler, but they are more resistant to enemy attack as well.\par
*\tab The plain, ordinary Hardcrete walls can take a lot more punishment than before.  (Got Bunker Busters?)\par
\pard\b\par
Weapons:\par
\pard\fi-270\li360\tx360\b0 *\tab Two new commanders!  The first is available mid-T2, and disguised to look like an ordinary weapon.  The second type is available mid-T3 and doesn't take any prisoners.\par
*\tab All VTOL bombs are lighter weight and more effective now.\par
*\tab Improved the Mini-Pod's life span a little but so that they don't get outclassed by Lancers so quickly.\par
*\tab Upgraded the Mini-Pod Artilley to make it effective against large groups of T-1 units.  (But don't get caught in the crossfire!)\par
*\tab Machineguns now receive their original T2 and T3 upgrades! Beware the mighty Assault Guns!\par
*\tab Forget about that Ripple-to-Archie trick, we fixed it.  We also fixed a number of other similar situations (like Flashlight-to-Heavy Laser) throughout Warzone.\par
*\tab Gave the ground-based Bunker Buster some better teeth and extended the range of the VTOL version.\par
*\tab Gave the Tank Killer rockets some teeth on both ground and VTOL versions.\par
*\tab Avenger and Vindicator SAM's have a slightly shorter firing range now -- but watch out, those pesky missiles can \i still\i0  chase a VTOL for miles!\par
*\tab The Stormbringer AA, long considered overkill and the bane of all VTOLs, has been downgraded to a more reasonable level and no longer makes you lose your other AA Flak weapons.  (Some say we might have downgraded it \i too\i0  much; we are addressing this...)\par
\par
\pard\b Tanks / VTOLs:\par
\pard\fi-270\li360\tx360\b0 *\tab Tweaked the chassis and propulsion stats to play out their differing strengths.  Paradigms are faster, Nexus bodys have a little more armor, and Collective bodies do better with heavy loads now.\par
*\tab Tweaked the Anti Tank modifiers to vary their effectiveness against each type of tank and to afford some protection to Hover units.\par
*\tab Fixed the Assault Gun bunker.  It is now the same one you see in the campaign, and can also fire at aircraft.  Also, machine guns in general are now an effective anti-air weapon, though not as effective as true, dedicated AA.\par
\pard\b\par
Cyborgs:\par
\pard\fi-270\li360\tx360\b0 *\tab Assault Gun cyborg now looks different from the standard MG cyborg.\par
*\tab Cyborgs are much easier to research now -- they are enabled automatically when you research a new weapon.\par
*\tab Balanced the Sniper Cyborg (now known as the "Plasma Sniper").  His firepower still demands respect, but sniping isn't as easy a business as it was before . . . .\par
*\tab Tweaked the Artillery modifiers a little to help out the cyborgs.\par
\par
\b Visual Changes, Other:\b0\par
*\tab Rocket weaponry looks much cooler now thanks to better projectile GFX.\par
*\tab Warzone no longer crashes if you try to research hidden topics in WZ Debug Mode (like CAM1RESEARCH).\par
*\tab Cluster and HEAP bombs can now be seen as they fall towards their targets (an old bug).\par
\par
*\tab Many, many, many more changes not listed here.  Can you find them all?\par
\pard\par
\par
\b\i Hey?  What happened to the \b0\f1\fs16 (insert favorite weapon here)\f0\fs24  \b !?\b0\par
\i0\par
Unfortunately, not every change that Version 1.12 makes is something new.  We recently ascertained discovered that not only is Warzone's research tree large, but it's \b full\b0 !  Warzone's research tree has been filled to the bursting point, and if we expanded it any farther, it would simply tear Warzone apart in a crash of error messages!\par
\par
(Metaphorically speaking, of course -- in practice, Warzone simply crashes)\par
\par
Sadly, in order to put anything new into the Research Tree, we had to clean out some of the "old".  We discussed at length the things which could be removed from play, and from it the following changes were made:\par
\par
\pard\fi-270\li360\tx360 *\tab Ground Shakers and Hellstorms have been limited to defensive use only.  Mortars and light Howies are still available as mobile artillery however.\par
*\tab Ripple Rockets and Archangel have also been limited to defenses only, though MRL and Angels can still be used for mobile artillery.\par
*\tab AA Hardpoints have been removed until further notice or demand.\par
*\tab The Heavy Laser may no longer be equipped on VTOLs.\par
*\tab Light MG and Twin MG are also no longer available for VTOL use.\par
*\tab The short-range Plasma Cannon Emplacement is not presently available.\par
\par
}
    u
a 
ï4a'1\