{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f1\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f2\froman\fprq2\fcharset2 Symbol;}{\f3\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f4\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f5\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f6\fnil\fcharset2 Symbol;}}
{\colortbl ;\red153\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red51\green51\blue51;\red68\green84\blue106;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.21.2510;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\cf1\b\f0\fs28 1099 Pro Enterprise Edition\line Product Demo\line Tax Year 2013 \fs22\par
\cf0\b0\par
This Demonstration version allows you to enter or import real data to see the changes we\rquote ve made for 2013 and become familiar with many of the new features offered in our Enterprise product.  Right away you'll see that while easy to use, the 1099 Pro Enterprise Edition contains sophisticated features to help you complete your electronic filing of informational returns quickly, efficiently & painlessly.    Technical Support is complimentary whether you have the 'Demo' or a registered copy.\par
\par
The Demo may be converted with all of your data into a registered copy by calling toll free (888) 776-1099 or by going online to {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.1099pro.com/prod1099proEnt.asp"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2 http://www.1099pro.com/prod1099proEnt.asp}}}\f0\fs22 .  Single-User and Multi-User Versions are available.   Great software is only part of the solution.   Additionally, 1099 Pro stands ready to help you whether you have a Technical Support Question, a need for Printing/Mailing/Filing services, Web Presentment of forms, envelopes & laser-perforated paper, or our simple to use W-2 Pro & 1042-S Pro products.\par
\f1\fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sb100\sa100\b\f0 Enterprise Edition - Paper and Electronic Filers\b0\f1\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\f0\fs22 If you have an Internet connection, be sure to visit the 1099 Pro website at  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "www.1099pro.com"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2 www.1099pro.com}}}\f0\fs22   for the latest information and updates.\f1\fs24\par
 \par
\f0\fs22 If you have any questions regarding 1099 Pro or any of our other products, you can email our technical support personnel at ts@1099pro.com or call us toll-free at 1-(888) pro-1099 or (888) 776-1099 or (818) 876-0200.   Please feel free to call whether you are a registered customer or if you are evaluating the demo version of the product.\par
\par
You may also access our Frequently Asked Questions at {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.1099pro.com/supportFAQs.asp"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2 http://www.1099pro.com/supportFAQs.asp}}}\f0\fs22 .\par
\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sb100\sa100\cf1\b Enterprise Edition Product Features\b0\f1  \par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sb100\sa100\tx720\cf0\f2\fs20\'b7\tab\f0\fs22 For volume filers, 1099 Pro Enterprise features an easy to use wizard for creating files for \b Electronic Filing\b0 .\f1\fs24\par
\f2\fs20\'b7\tab\f0\fs22 Processes \b ALL 1099 informational returns\b0  including 1098, 3921, 3922, 5498, and W-2G.  Future updates will add support for any unreleased forms once the IRS has released the 2013 specifications for them.\par
\pard{\pntext\f6\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sb100\sa100\tx720 SSN masking is supported per the IRS.  It is available on a Filer by Filer basis for 1098, 1099 and 5498 series forms.  Please see the online help for more information.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sb100\sa100\tx720\f2\fs20\'b7\tab\f0\fs22 Business rules - data on the form is checked and the severity of the errors can be set as OK, Warning, Error or Reject.\f1\fs24\par
\pard{\pntext\f6\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sb100\sa100\tx720\cf3\f3\fs22 A built in PDF driver allows for the user to create forms & reports in a PDF format. U\cf0 sers have the option of encrypting their PDFs\f0 .\f3\par
\f0{\pntext\f6\'B7\tab}Electronic Delivery and Web Presentment of individual forms via the Service Bureau.\par
{\pntext\f6\'B7\tab}Enhanced W-9 & B-Notice Capability.\par
{\pntext\f6\'B7\tab}Optional Account Number Generation (see new IRS instructions).\par
{\pntext\f6\'B7\tab}Electronic File Viewer.\par
{\pntext\f6\'B7\tab}Combined Federal/State Filing Option.\par
{\pntext\f6\'B7\tab}State File generation.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sb100\sa100\tx720\f2\fs20\'b7\f0\fs22\tab Direct data entry onto graphical representations of IRS forms.\f1\fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sb100\sa100\f2\fs20\'b7\tab\f0\fs22 Both single user and multi-user network versions are available.\f1\fs24\par
\f2\fs20\'b7\tab\b\f0\fs22 Print approved tax forms to any laser or Inkjet printer\b0  on blank paper (the form, the data, and the instructions) and/or preprinted forms.\f1\fs24\par
\f2\fs20\'b7\tab\f0\fs22 For paper filers, a wizard walks you through the process of printing your Form 1096 Transmittals.\f1\fs24\par
\f2\fs20\'b7\tab\f0\fs22 Full support for creating and filing \b Corrections\b0  to previously filed forms.\f1\fs24\par
\f2\fs20\'b7\tab\f0\fs22 Context Sensitive Help is always just an F1 key press away.\f1\fs24\par
\f2\fs20\'b7\tab\f0\fs22 Official IRS instructions for all supported forms are also provided in Adobe PDF format.\f1\fs24\par
\f2\fs20\'b7\tab\f0\fs22 Complimentary Technical Support.\f1\fs24\par
\f2\fs20\'b7\tab\b\f0\fs22 Web Update\b0  is included to make it easy to keep your version up to date.\f1\fs24\par
\f2\fs20\'b7\tab\f0\fs22 Preview detailed, easy-to-read reports on your screen, then print a single page, range of pages, or the entire report.\f1\fs24\par
\f2\fs20\'b7\tab\f0\fs22 Query wizard allows you to easily limit views, reports, and print runs to just the items you specify.\f1\fs24\par
\f2\fs20\'b7\tab\f0\fs22 Flexible \b Import\b0  wizards help import most common delimited ASCII data formats as well as Excel formats.\f1\fs24\par
\f2\fs20\'b7\tab\f0\fs22 Sample Map by Name ASCII import files. \f1\fs24\par
\f2\fs20\'b7\tab\f0\fs22 "Roll forward" Filer, Recipient, Transmitter, Import Maps, and Security information from 1099 Pro\'ae for the prior tax year.\f1\fs24\par
\f2\fs20\'b7\tab\f0\fs22 Allows\b  UNLIMITED\b0  \b Filers!\b0  \f1\fs24\par
\f2\fs20\'b7\tab\f0\fs22 Allows\b  up to 5,000 Forms/Recipients \b0 right out of the box, and \b up to 100,000+ Forms/Recipients \b0 with the purchase of bump codes to increase your Filing capacity! \f1\fs24\par
\f2\fs20\'b7\tab\f0\fs22 Multi-level security helps prevent unauthorized access to your data.\f1\fs24\par
\f2\fs20\'b7\tab\f0\fs22 Audit trails track changes to tax form information.\f1\fs24\par
\f2\fs20\'b7\tab\f0\fs22 Exports to tab delimited ASCII files which are "Map by Name" compliant. \f1\fs24\par
\f2\fs20\'b7\tab\f0\fs22 Prints blank copies of other common forms such as the 4419 and 8809. \f1\fs24\par
\f2\fs20\'b7\tab\f0\fs22 Generate and track Form W-9 Request for Taxpayer Identification Number. \f1\fs24\par
\f2\fs20\'b7\tab\f0\fs22 Foreign Address Field Capability.  \f1\fs24\par
\f2\fs20\'b7\tab\f0\fs22 Built-in backup utility saves your data to standard zip files.\par
\f2\fs20\'b7\tab\f0\fs22 And much, much, more!\f1\fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sb100\sa100\cf1\b\f0\fs22 Optional Print/Mail, Electronic Delivery, Web Presentment, and IRS Filing Services\cf0\b0\f1\fs24\par
\pard\f4\fs22 1099 Pro\rquote s Award-Winning SSAE 16 SOC I, Type II certified Service Bureau offers secure, cost-effective and IRS/SSA compliant solutions!\cf4\f5\par
\pard\sb100\sa100\cf0\f0 We offer services for form 1099, 1098, 1098-T, 3921, 3922, 5498, W-2G, W-2, and 1042-S data.\par
\pard We have processed and filed millions of forms for thousands of customers.\~ Let us help you stay compliant the easy, secure, and cost-effective way!\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sb100\sa100\cf5 Call the Service Bureau at (866) 444-3559 or (818) 876-0200.\cf0\f1\par
\cf1\b\f0 1099 Pro System Requirements\b0\f1  \cf0\fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\li720\sb100\sa100\f0 - Windows 2000/ME/XP/2003/VISTA/7/2008 \line - 32 or 64 bit operating system compatible\line - Intel Pentium II/Celeron\~or AMD Athlon/Sempron/Turion (Minimum)\line - 256MB RAM (512MB or more preferred)\line - 100+MB free hard drive space\line - For use with ANY Windows compatible printer\line\pard\nowidctlpar\sb100\sa100\tab - Windows compatible network (optional)\par
\cf1\b\fs22 Other products from 1099 Pro, Inc.\cf0\b0\f1\fs24\par
\b\f0 W-2 Pro\b0  - Easy to use!  Print & then file your W-2's electronically in the EFW2 (formally MMREF-1) format.  See \cf5{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.1099pro.com/prodW2pro.asp"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2 http://www.1099pro.com/prodW2pro.asp}}}\f0\fs24  \cf0 for details.\par
\b 1042-S Pro\b0  - Print & file your 1042-S forms in the new IRS 820 byte format!  See {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.1099pro.com/prod1042Spro.asp"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2 http://www.1099pro.com/prod1042Spro.asp}}}\f0\fs24  for more details.\par
\b Corporate Suite/1099 Pro.NET\b0  - Call us at (818) 876-0200 if you have more complex reporting needs involving no software on desktops (i.e. 1099 Pro.NET), millions of records, special quarterly or year end filing requirements, special import requirements totaling amounts or calculating the change in amounts, or prior year online archiving.  See {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.1099pro.com/prod1099proCS.asp"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2 http://www.1099pro.com/prod1099proCS.asp}}}\f0\fs24  for details.\par
\b Independent Contractor Reporting\b0  - Certain states e.g. California require that you file information regarding Independent Contractors so that they may garnish child support, alimony, ...  See {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "www.independentcontractorreporting.com"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2 www.independentcontractorreporting.com}}}\f0\fs24  for details.\par
\b StateComply 592 Pro\b0 : California now requires 7% withholding and quarterly reporting by any individual or entity making payments of more than $1,500 of California Source Income... See: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "www.StateComply.com"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2 www.StateComply.com}}}\f0\fs24  for details. \par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sb100\sa100\qc\fs15 Copyright \'a9  2013 - 1099 Pro, Inc. all rights reserved.\fs24\par
}
 8}d2r