{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1 \deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f1\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}
{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}{\f3\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05050102010706020507}Symbol;}{\f4\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times;}
{\f5\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Helvetica;}{\f6\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}Courier;}{\f7\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}Geneva;}
{\f8\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}Tms Rmn;}{\f9\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}Helv;}{\f10\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}MS Serif;}
{\f11\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}MS Sans Serif;}{\f12\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}New York;}{\f13\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}System;}
{\f14\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05000000000000000000}Wingdings;}{\f15\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq3{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Tahoma;}{\f16\fswiss\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 050b0604020202030204}WP Phonetic;}
{\f17\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 010b0409020201010101}WP BoxDrawing;}{\f18\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000400000000000000}WP TypographicSymbols;}{\f19\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}WP Hebrew David;}
{\f20\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05010101010101010101}WP Japanese;}{\f21\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05010101010101010101}WP Arabic Sihafa;}{\f22\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05010101010101010101}WP ArabicScript Sihafa;}
{\f23\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05000000000000000000}WP Greek Century;}{\f24\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05010101010101010101}WP IconicSymbolsA;}{\f25\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05000000000000000000}WP IconicSymbolsB;}
{\f26\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05010101010101010101}WP MathA;}{\f27\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05010101010101010101}WP MathB;}{\f28\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05010101010101010101}WP MathExtendedA;}
{\f29\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05010101010101010101}WP MathExtendedB;}{\f30\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05020604050505020304}WP CyrillicA;}{\f31\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}WP CyrillicB;}
{\f32\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05020604050505020304}WP MultinationalA Roman;}{\f33\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05000000000000000000}WP MultinationalB Roman;}{\f34\fnil\fcharset0\fprq0{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}MS LineDraw;}
{\f35\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020602080505020303}Baskerville Old Face;}{\f36\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}LinePrinter;}{\f37\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\f38\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f40\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f41\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f42\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f43\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}
{\f44\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}{\f46\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f47\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f48\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}{\f49\fmodern\fcharset238\fprq1 Courier New CE;}
{\f50\fmodern\fcharset204\fprq1 Courier New Cyr;}{\f52\fmodern\fcharset161\fprq1 Courier New Greek;}{\f53\fmodern\fcharset162\fprq1 Courier New Tur;}{\f54\fmodern\fcharset186\fprq1 Courier New Baltic;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;
\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\nowidctlpar\adjustright \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}{\*\cs15 \additive footnote reference;}}{\*\revtbl {Unknown;}}{\info
{\title UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT}{\author Sam C. Pointer, Jr.}{\operator Sam C. Pointer, Jr.}{\creatim\yr1999\mo3\dy31\hr10\min1}{\revtim\yr1999\mo3\dy31\hr10\min1}{\version2}{\edmins0}{\nofpages83}{\nofwords28459}{\nofchars162220}
{\*\company Dell Computer Corporation}{\nofcharsws199217}{\vern89}}\margl1440\margr1440 \widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\aftnnar\notabind\wraptrsp\transmf\truncatefontheight\subfontbysize\sprsbsp\wpjst\lytprtmet\hyphcaps0\viewkind1\viewscale100 \fet0\sectd 
\linex0\headery1440\footery1440\sectdefaultcl {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}
{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \qc\nowidctlpar
\tx0\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360\adjustright {\b\f35\fs22 UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT
\par NORTHERN DISTRICT OF ALABAMA
\par Southern Division}{\f35\fs22 
\par }\pard \nowidctlpar\tx0\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360\adjustright {\f35\fs22 
\par In re:\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab )\tab Master File No.
\par }\pard \fi4320\nowidctlpar\tx0\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360\adjustright {\f35\fs22 )\tab CV 92-P-10000-S
\par }\pard \nowidctlpar\tx0\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360\adjustright {\f35\fs22 SILICONE GEL BREAST IMPLANTS\tab \tab )
\par PRODUCTS LIABILITY LITIGATION\tab )\tab This document relates to the cases
\par (MDL 926)\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab )\tab listed in the appendix to this order
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard \qc\nowidctlpar\tx0\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360\adjustright {\b\f35\fs22 ORDER No. 52 (with Appendix revised @3/31/99)
\par (Directing status reports)}{\f35\fs22 
\par }\pard \qj\nowidctlpar\tx0\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360\adjustright {\b\f35\fs22 
\par }\pard \qj\fi450\nowidctlpar\tx-1080\tx-720\tx0\tx450\tx810\tx1260\tx1800\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360\adjustright {\f35\fs22 
Counsel for plaintiffs (or pro se plaintiffs) are directed to send to the undersigned in writing by May 14, 1999, a brief status report for eac
h of the cases listed in the appendix to this order.  Cases are listed in order of transferor court and case number.
\par }\pard \qj\nowidctlpar\tx-1080\tx-720\tx0\tx450\tx810\tx1260\tx1800\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360\adjustright {\f35\fs22 
\par }\pard \qj\fi450\nowidctlpar\tx-1080\tx-720\tx0\tx450\tx810\tx1260\tx1800\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360\adjustright {\f35\fs22 1.\tab 
The status reports should be mailed directly to the undersigned (Judge Sam C. Pointer, Jr.; Room 882; Federal Courthouse; Birmingham, Alabama, 35203) and should NOT be sent to the clerk of court for filing.  (See paragraph 4 below for filing of stipulatio
ns, etc.)
\par }\pard \qj\nowidctlpar\tx-1080\tx-720\tx0\tx450\tx810\tx1260\tx1800\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360\adjustright {\f35\fs22 
\par }\pard \qj\fi810\nowidctlpar\tx-1080\tx-720\tx0\tx450\tx810\tx1260\tx1800\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360\adjustright {\f35\fs22 (a)\tab 
Mail to the undersigned only the original report, and NOT any additional "courtesy" copies.  Do not ask for or expect any acknowledgment of receipt.
\par }\pard \qj\nowidctlpar\tx-1080\tx-720\tx0\tx450\tx810\tx1260\tx1800\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360\adjustright {\f35\fs22 
\par }\pard \qj\fi810\nowidctlpar\tx-1080\tx-720\tx0\tx450\tx810\tx1260\tx1800\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360\adjustright {\f35\fs22 (b)\tab 
If more than one attorney represents plaintiff(s) in a listed case, those attorneys should coordinate their status reports in an effort to eliminate, or at least reduce, potentially duplicative submissions of status reports involving the same case.
\par }\pard \qj\nowidctlpar\tx-1080\tx-720\tx0\tx450\tx810\tx1260\tx1800\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360\adjustright {\f35\fs22 
\par }\pard \qj\fi810\nowidctlpar\tx-1080\tx-720\tx0\tx450\tx810\tx1260\tx1800\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360\adjustright {\f35\fs22 (c)\tab 
If an attorney/firm is to report on the status of three or more cases, a single, consolida
ted report should be submitted, providing through an appendix in tabular/columnar format the requested information on all such cases (rather than by submitting separate status reports on each individual case). 
\par }\pard \qj\nowidctlpar\tx-1080\tx-720\tx0\tx450\tx810\tx1260\tx1800\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360\adjustright {\f35\fs22 
\par }\pard \qj\fi450\nowidctlpar\tx-1080\tx-720\tx0\tx450\tx810\tx1260\tx1800\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360\adjustright {\f35\fs22 2.\tab A copy of the report should be sent to co
unsel for each defendant against whom some claim is indicated as subject to being pursued.  See paragraph 3(e) below.
\par }\pard \qj\nowidctlpar\tx-1080\tx-720\tx0\tx450\tx810\tx1260\tx1800\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360\adjustright {\f35\fs22 
\par }\pard \qj\fi450\nowidctlpar\tx-1080\tx-720\tx0\tx450\tx810\tx1260\tx1800\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360\adjustright {\f35\fs22 3.\tab 
The report should, separately for each case (and, in multiple-plaintiff cases, separately for each individual plaintiff on whose behal
f some claim is being pursued), repeat the identifying case information (i.e., the transferor court, the transferor case number, and the ALN case number as shown in the appendix) and then, in separate columns, indicate}{\f18\fs22 C}{\f35\fs22 
\par }\pard \qj\nowidctlpar\tx-1080\tx-720\tx0\tx450\tx810\tx1260\tx1800\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360\adjustright {\f35\fs22 
\par }\pard \qj\fi810\nowidctlpar\tx-1080\tx-720\tx0\tx450\tx810\tx1260\tx1800\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360\adjustright {\f35\fs22 (a)\tab any corrections in the identifi
cation of the attorney or party who should be shown as the "contact/liaison" person for receiving further notices on behalf of plaintiff(s).
\par }\pard \qj\nowidctlpar\tx-1080\tx-720\tx0\tx450\tx810\tx1260\tx1800\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360\adjustright {\f35\fs22 
\par \sect }\sectd \sbknone\linex0\headery1440\footery1440\sectdefaultcl \pard\plain \qj\li450\nowidctlpar\tx-1080\tx-720\tx0\tx450\tx810\tx1260\tx1800\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360\adjustright {\f35\fs22 
The "namecode" shown in the appendix is an abbreviated code for one of the attorneys shown by this c
ourt as counsel of record for one or more of the plaintiffs in the case.  This information, for the most part, was taken from data supplied to this court by transferor courts or the Judicial Panel on Multidistrict Litigation, and may be incorrect or outda
t
ed.  This information may indicate the namecode of an attorney who has been allowed to withdraw where the court has not received information about a new counsel (or the mailing address of a plaintiff who should be shown as proceeding pro se).  Please indi
cate in the status reports what changes should be made in identifying the person(s) currently representing the plaintiff(s) (or the mailing addresses of plaintiffs who should be shown as proceeding pro se).
\par }\pard \qj\nowidctlpar\tx-1080\tx-720\tx0\tx450\tx810\tx1260\tx1800\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360\adjustright {\f35\fs22 
\par }\pard \qj\fi810\nowidctlpar\tx-1080\tx-720\tx0\tx450\tx810\tx1260\tx1800\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360\adjustright {\f35\fs22 (b)\tab 
in multi-plaintiff cases, the name of the plaintiff with a claim that can and will be pursued.
\par }\pard \qj\nowidctlpar\tx-1080\tx-720\tx0\tx450\tx810\tx1260\tx1800\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360\adjustright {\f35\fs22 
\par }\pard \qj\fi810\nowidctlpar\tx-1080\tx-720\tx0\tx450\tx810\tx1260\tx1800\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360\adjustright {\f35\fs22 (c)\tab 
what action by this court is believed to be appropriate (e.g., remand to federal court; administrative closing, etc.).
\par }\pard \qj\nowidctlpar\tx-1080\tx-720\tx0\tx450\tx810\tx1260\tx1800\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360\adjustright {\f35\fs22 
\par }\pard \qj\fi810\nowidctlpar\tx-1080\tx-720\tx0\tx450\tx810\tx1260\tx1800\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360\adjustright {\f35\fs22 (d)\tab if a claim is identified in para
graph 3(e) below as one to be pursued against the Bristol, Baxter, 3M, or Union Carbide defendants, the approximate date when the plaintiff opted out of the original global settlement or Revised Settlement Program.
\par }\pard \qj\nowidctlpar\tx-1080\tx-720\tx0\tx450\tx810\tx1260\tx1800\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360\adjustright {\f35\fs22 
\par }\pard \qj\fi810\nowidctlpar\tx-1080\tx-720\tx0\tx450\tx810\tx1260\tx1800\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360\adjustright {\f35\fs22 (e)\tab the identification of any defendant(
s) against whom the plaintiff can, and will, pursue a claim.  Listing of these defendants in the status reports will be subject to the obligations of Fed. R. Civ. P. 11.
\par }\pard \qj\nowidctlpar\tx-1080\tx-720\tx0\tx450\tx810\tx1260\tx1800\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360\adjustright {\f35\fs22 
\par }\pard \qj\li450\nowidctlpar\tx-1080\tx-720\tx0\tx450\tx810\tx1260\tx1800\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360\adjustright {\f35\fs22 In identifying these "active defendants", plaintiffs' counsel are directed to take in
to account: (1) the previously-entered summary judgments in favor of a number of defendants, such as Corning, Inc., Scotfoam Corp, General Electric, Cabot Medical, etc.; (2) the prohibition against pursuing claims against the Bioplasty defendants based on
 
bankruptcy proceedings; (3) the preclusion of claims against the Mentor defendants (except for implants implanted after May 31, 1993; (4) the preclusion of claims  against Union Carbide (except by "opt-outs" to the extent based on its 1990-92 ownership of
 
McGhan Nusil); (5) the preclusion of claims by "non opt-outs" against the Bristol, Baxter, and 3M defendants); (6) the fact that any claims against The Dow Chemical Company and Dow Holdings, Inc., are no longer pending in this court but have been severed 
a
nd transferred to the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Michigan;  (7) the current prohibition against pursuing claims against Dow Corning Corporation (or its former subsidiary, Dow Corning Wright) based on bankruptcy reorganization
 
proceedings in the Eastern District of Michigan; (8) the current prohibition against pursuing claims against the McGhan Medical, INAMED Corp., and CUI defendants under the INAMED settlement order; and (9) the fact that many defendants  named in the pleadi
ngs (e.g., American Hospital Supply, American Heyer-Schulte, etc.) no longer exist as separate entities but have been merged into and subsumed by other existing defendants (e.g., Baxter Healthcare).
\par }\pard \qj\nowidctlpar\tx-1080\tx-720\tx0\tx450\tx810\tx1260\tx1800\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360\adjustright {\f35\fs22 
\par }\pard \qj\li450\nowidctlpar\tx-1080\tx-720\tx0\tx450\tx810\tx1260\tx1800\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360\adjustright {\f35\fs22 In identifying these "active defendants", plaintiffs' cou
nsel should also consider, under Fed. R. Civ. P. 11, whether other defendants who may have been originally named as parties}{\f18\fs22 C}{\f35\fs22 such as Frank Gerow or the Estate of Frank Gerow}{\f18\fs22 C}{\f35\fs22 
should continue to be shown as defendants against whom claims will be pursued.
\par }\pard \qj\nowidctlpar\tx-1080\tx-720\tx0\tx450\tx810\tx1260\tx1800\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360\adjustright {\f35\fs22 
\par Through a footnote, endnote, or other special notation, counsel should identify any unusual problem relating to the claim of any plaintiff in a case, such as a pending request for a "late opt out" determination or a controversy about a prior settlement.

\par 
\par }\pard \qj\fi450\nowidctlpar\tx-1080\tx-720\tx0\tx450\tx810\tx1260\tx1800\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360\adjustright {\f35\fs22 4.\tab T
he appendix has been prepared in a format that, unless there are special situations (such as a multi-plaintiff case), the applicable pages can simply be copied and the requested information printed on the copy, and returned with a simple cover letter.

\par }\pard \qj\nowidctlpar\tx-1080\tx-720\tx0\tx450\tx810\tx1260\tx1800\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360\adjustright {\f35\fs22 
\par \sect }\sectd \sbknone\linex0\headery1440\footery1440\sectdefaultcl \pard\plain \qj\fi450\nowidctlpar\tx-1080\tx-720\tx0\tx450\tx810\tx1260\tx1800\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360\adjustright {\f35\fs22 5.\tab 
The court recognizes that, before May 14, 1999, there may be total or pro tanto stipulations and agreed-orders for dismissals to be submitted with respect to one or more plaintiffs with respect to one or more of the defendants in some of 
the cases listed in the appendix.  Any such stipulations or proposed orders should be filed with the Clerk of this Court, after which they will be transmitted in due course to the undersigned for review and potential signing.  Any such stipulations or pro
p
osed order should be filed with the Clerk (and not mailed to the undersigned, whether as an original or as a "courtesy copy"), although a notation may be made in the status report indicating such action is in process.  The Court requests that any such pro
 
tanto stipulation or dismissal identify other defendants against whom claims remain (rather than generically stating that the dismissal affects only the claims against the settling defendants).  NOTE HOWEVER THAT, IN VIEW OF PARAGRAPH 6 BELOW, SUCH SEPARA
TE SUBMISSIONS MAY BE UNNECESSARY AND SIMPLY CREATE ADDITIONAL ADMINISTRATIVE BURDENS ON THE COURT.
\par }\pard \qj\nowidctlpar\tx-1080\tx-720\tx0\tx450\tx810\tx1260\tx1800\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360\adjustright {\f35\fs22 
\par }\pard \qj\fi450\nowidctlpar\tx-1080\tx-720\tx0\tx450\tx810\tx1260\tx1800\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360\adjustright {\f35\fs22 6.\tab 
The court contemplates that, absent good cause to the contrary shown in the status reports by plaintiffs' counsel, it will order, with provisions for eac
h party to bear its own costs, that claims in these cases against Dow Corning and Dow Corning Wright will be administratively closed (subject to reopening on the same terms as provided in Order 44B), that claims in these cases against the Bristol, Baxter,
 
3M, and Union Carbide defendants (if not listed in the responses as active claims, together with an indication of the "opt out date") will be dismissed (subject to reopening if such defendants fail to pay obligations to the plaintiff under the RSP), that 
c
laims in these cases against the INAMED, McGhan Medical, and CUI defendants will be dismissed (subject to reopening should the INAMED settlement be vacated), and that claims against other defendants (if not listed in the responses as active defendants) wi
ll be dismissed.  IN VIEW OF THESE EXPECTATIONS, THE COURT SUGGESTS TO COUNSEL THAT SEPARATE SUBMISSIONS OF STIPULATIONS AND PROPOSED ORDERS UNDER PARAGRAPH 5 MAY BE UNNECESSARY AND MAY MERELY CREATE ADDITIONAL ADMINISTRATIVE BURDENS ON THE COURT.
\par }\pard \qj\nowidctlpar\tx-1080\tx-720\tx0\tx450\tx810\tx1260\tx1800\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360\adjustright {\f35\fs22 
\par }\pard \qj\fi450\nowidctlpar\tx-1080\tx-720\tx0\tx450\tx810\tx1260\tx1800\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360\adjustright {\f35\fs22 This the 12th day of March, 1999.
\par }\pard \qj\nowidctlpar\tx-1080\tx-720\tx0\tx450\tx810\tx1260\tx1800\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360\adjustright {\f35\fs22 
\par }\pard \qj\fi5760\nowidctlpar\tx-1080\tx-720\tx0\tx450\tx810\tx1260\tx1800\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360\adjustright {\f35\fs22\ul  /s/  Sam C. Pointer, Jr.                    }{\f35\fs22 
\par Chief Judge
\par }\pard \qj\nowidctlpar\tx-1080\tx-720\tx0\tx450\tx810\tx1260\tx1800\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360\adjustright {\f35\fs22 
\par Serve:\tab Plaintiffs' Liaison Counsel
\par }\pard \qj\fi810\nowidctlpar\tx-1080\tx-720\tx0\tx450\tx810\tx1260\tx1800\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360\adjustright {\f35\fs22 Defendants' Liaison Counsel
\par }\pard \qj\nowidctlpar\tx-1080\tx-720\tx0\tx450\tx810\tx1260\tx1800\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360\adjustright {\f35\fs22 
\par Post also on website
\par 
\par \sect }\sectd \lndscpsxn\pgwsxn15840\pghsxn12240\marglsxn864\margrsxn864\margtsxn900\margbsxn864\linex0\headery900\footery864\sectdefaultcl {\header \pard\plain \nowidctlpar
\tx-504\tx0\tx396\tx1656\tx2916\tx4086\tx6426\tx7866\tx9216\tx10800\tx11520\adjustright {\f36\fs16 Transferor Court\tab ALN CaseNo.\tab NAMECODE\tab Lead Plaintiff\tab Action to be\tab Optout date\tab Active Defendants
\par }\pard \fi6426\nowidctlpar\tx-504\tx0\tx396\tx1656\tx2916\tx4086\tx6426\tx7866\tx9216\tx10800\tx11520\adjustright {\f36\fs16 taken by ALN\tab (if claim v.
\par }\pard \fi7866\nowidctlpar\tx-504\tx0\tx396\tx1656\tx2916\tx4086\tx6426\tx7866\tx9216\tx10800\tx11520\adjustright {\f36\fs16 RSP defts)}{
\par }\pard \sl-240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\adjustright {
\par }}\pard\plain \qj\nowidctlpar\tx-576\tx0\tx450\tx1656\tx2916\tx4086\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360\tx10800\tx11520\adjustright {\f2\fs16 ALM\tab 1:97-00296\tab CV97-10292\tab HORNSB_E\tab WHITAKER
\par ALM\tab 1:97-00582\tab CV97-10569\tab HORNSB_E\tab DELASHAW
\par ALM\tab 1:97-00584\tab CV97-10468\tab HORNSB_E\tab LOHRMANN
\par ALM\tab 1:97-00585\tab CV97-10469\tab HORNSB_E\tab PARMER
\par ALM\tab 1:97-00588\tab CV97-10472\tab HORNSB_E\tab REAL
\par ALM\tab 1:97-00668\tab CV97-10570\tab HORNSB_E\tab DANSBY
\par ALM\tab 1:97-00669\tab CV97-10571\tab HORNSB_E\tab LUCHNER
\par ALM\tab 1:97-00677\tab CV97-10576\tab HORNSB_E\tab HARRISON
\par ALM\tab 1:97-00678\tab CV97-10577\tab HORNSB_E\tab TOLLESON
\par ALM\tab 1:97-00679\tab CV97-10578\tab HORNSB_E\tab CHILDS
\par ALM\tab 1:97-00682\tab CV97-10580\tab HORNSB_E\tab JERKINS
\par ALM\tab 1:97-00684\tab CV97-10582\tab HORNSB_E\tab TAYLOR
\par ALM\tab 1:97-00699\tab CV97-10585\tab HORNSB_E\tab AMTHOR
\par ALM\tab 1:97-00788\tab CV97-10705\tab HORNSB_E\tab PITTMAN
\par ALM\tab 1:97-00924\tab CV97-10828\tab HORNSB_E\tab JOHNSTON
\par ALM\tab 2:97-00672\tab CV97-10586\tab HORNSB_E\tab MCDUFFIE
\par ALM\tab 2:97-00676\tab CV97-10587\tab HORNSB_E\tab FINKELSTEIN
\par ALM\tab 2:97-00687\tab CV97-10588\tab HORNSB_E\tab TUCKER
\par ALM\tab 2:97-00787\tab CV97-10706\tab HORNSB_E\tab BEDSOLE
\par ALS\tab 1:96-00407\tab CV97-10063\tab FEDER_RO\tab NOLAN
\par ALS\tab 1:96-01106\tab CV97-10064\tab FEDER_RO\tab DANIELS
\par ALS\tab 1:96-01185\tab CV97-10066\tab FEDER_RO\tab THOMPSON
\par ALS\tab 1:97-00863\tab CV97-11836\tab WHATLE_J\tab ALLEN
\par ALS\tab 1:97-01087\tab CV98-10037\tab CRUMP_RI\tab STROECKER
\par ALS\tab 1:97-01090\tab CV98-11603\tab GORDO_BE\tab MCFARLAND
\par ALS\tab 1:98-00111\tab CV98-11775\tab CRUMP_RI\tab WILSON
\par ALS\tab 1:98-00261\tab CV98-11873\tab MCPHAI_K\tab LINGLE
\par ALS\tab 2:97-00150\tab CV97-10293\tab CORY_ERN\tab BENDER
\par ALS\tab 2:97-00168\tab CV97-10294\tab CORY_ERN\tab LUTHER
\par ALS\tab 2:97-01038\tab CV97-12320\tab CORY_ERN\tab SCOTT
\par ARE\tab 1:97-00081\tab CV98-11516\tab SCHULZ_J\tab DUNCAN
\par ARE\tab 3:97-00441\tab CV98-10039\tab SCHULZ_J\tab RAGAN
\par ARE\tab 3:98-00018\tab CV98-11604\tab HENRY_TR\tab DUNKERSON
\par ARE\tab 3:98-00019\tab CV98-11605\tab HENRY_TR\tab SULLIVAN
\par ARE\tab 4:97-00471\tab CV97-10829\tab GLENN_B*\tab GLENN
\par ARE\tab 5:97-00529\tab CV98-10040\tab HOLT_WIL\tab GOMORI
\par ARW\tab 2:97-02276\tab CV98-10041\tab HUTTON_M\tab WOOD
\par ARW\tab 5:97-05176\tab CV98-11606\tab HOLT_GAR\tab MARSHALL-MAESTRI
\par ARW\tab 6:93-06069\tab CV93-11737\tab ADCOCK_L\tab COX
\par ARW\tab 6:97-06161\tab CV97-12097\tab HOLT_WIL\tab PENNINGTON
\par AZ\tab 2:93-00602\tab CV93-11738\tab MARKS_ST\tab JORGENSON
\par AZ\tab 2:93-01440\tab CV93-12944\tab TIMBAN_J\tab LANDECK
\par AZ\tab 2:93-01886\tab CV93-13719\tab MARKS_ST\tab TURMAN
\par AZ\tab 2:93-02097\tab CV94-10009\tab MARKS_ST\tab PICKERING
\par AZ\tab 2:94-00638\tab CV94-12970\tab SCOTT_MI\tab BAKER
\par AZ\tab 2:95-01666\tab CV95-13332\tab RIIKOL_M\tab PENNINGTON
\par AZ\tab 2:97-01322\tab CV97-10830\tab MARKS_ST\tab ST. JOHN-KELLEHER
\par AZ\tab 2:97-01755\tab CV97-11224\tab HAR_JAME\tab MOORE
\par AZ\tab 2:97-01837\tab CV97-11345\tab O'STEE_V\tab WATKINS
\par AZ\tab 2:97-01949\tab CV97-11592\tab KNAPP_CR\tab FIELD
\par \sect }\sectd \lndscpsxn\pgwsxn15840\pghsxn12240\marglsxn864\margrsxn864\margtsxn900\margbsxn864\sbknone\linex0\headery900\footery864\sectdefaultcl \pard\plain \qj\nowidctlpar
\tx-576\tx0\tx450\tx1656\tx2916\tx4086\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360\tx10800\tx11520\adjustright {\f2\fs16 AZ\tab 2:97-01983\tab CV97-11593\tab MARKS_ST\tab FOX-LANGE
\par AZ\tab 2:97-02003\tab CV97-11595\tab KNAPP_CR\tab MCDONALD
\par AZ\tab 2:97-02083\tab CV97-11837\tab MARKS_ST\tab COLLINS
\par AZ\tab 2:97-02103\tab CV97-11838\tab KNAPP_CR\tab JOHNSON
\par AZ\tab 2:97-02169\tab CV97-11839\tab HAR_JAME\tab REINER
\par AZ\tab 2:97-02170\tab CV97-11840\tab HAR_JAME\tab WOODALL
\par AZ\tab 2:97-02172\tab CV97-11841\tab HAR_JAME\tab NOBLE
\par AZ\tab 2:97-02201\tab CV97-12098\tab KNAPP_CR\tab HOOVER
\par AZ\tab 2:97-02202\tab CV97-12099\tab KNAPP_CR\tab MARTINEZ
\par AZ\tab 2:97-02241\tab CV97-12100\tab KNAPP_CR\tab GUDENKAUF
\par AZ\tab 2:97-02242\tab CV97-12101\tab KNAPP_CR\tab NEET
\par AZ\tab 2:97-02277\tab CV97-12102\tab KNAPP_CR\tab MILLER
\par AZ\tab 2:97-02280\tab CV97-12103\tab MARKS_ST\tab MASON
\par AZ\tab 2:97-02281\tab CV97-12104\tab HAHN_BLA\tab PATTERSON
\par AZ\tab 2:97-02282\tab CV97-12105\tab HAR_JAME\tab TILLMAN
\par AZ\tab 2:97-02283\tab CV97-12106\tab HAHN_BLA\tab BALL
\par AZ\tab 2:97-02284\tab CV97-12107\tab HAHN_BLA\tab LONERGAN
\par AZ\tab 2:97-02304\tab CV97-12322\tab KNAPP_CR\tab BENSON
\par AZ\tab 2:97-02309\tab CV97-12323\tab KNAPP_CR\tab RUSSELL
\par AZ\tab 2:97-02336\tab CV97-12324\tab KNAPP_CR\tab LAMB
\par AZ\tab 2:97-02337\tab CV97-12325\tab KNAPP_CR\tab WILLIAMS
\par AZ\tab 2:97-02338\tab CV97-12326\tab KNAPP_CR\tab O'MELIA
\par AZ\tab 2:97-02339\tab CV97-12327\tab KNAPP_CR\tab BROCK
\par AZ\tab 2:97-02500\tab CV98-10294\tab KNAPP_CR\tab MAYA
\par AZ\tab 2:97-02501\tab CV98-10295\tab KNAPP_CR\tab HASSIG
\par AZ\tab 2:97-02502\tab CV98-10296\tab KNAPP_CR\tab STEWART
\par AZ\tab 2:97-02517\tab CV98-10297\tab WATT_JAM\tab FREITAS
\par AZ\tab 2:97-02542\tab CV98-10298\tab MONTAG_S\tab FOLEY
\par AZ\tab 2:97-02554\tab CV98-10299\tab KNAPP_CR\tab WASHINGTON
\par AZ\tab 2:98-00043\tab CV98-11607\tab KNAPP_CR\tab HALL-KANESTA
\par AZ\tab 2:98-00044\tab CV98-11608\tab MONTAG_S\tab SHELLHORN
\par AZ\tab 2:98-00512\tab CV98-11874\tab KNAPP_CR\tab KRAMER
\par AZ\tab 2:98-00699\tab CV98-12018\tab MONTAG_S\tab KING
\par AZ\tab 2:98-00766\tab CV98-12075\tab RINGWO_D\tab MAUPIN
\par AZ\tab 2:98-01695\tab CV98-12324\tab HORENS_N\tab RIGBERG
\par AZ\tab 2:98-02080\tab CV99-10001\tab HORENS_N\tab RICHARDSON
\par AZ\tab 2:98-02270\tab CV99-10050\tab HORENS_N\tab LAWLESS
\par AZ\tab 3:97-02257\tab CV97-12108\tab KNAPP_CR\tab MCCAN
\par AZ\tab 3:97-02428\tab CV98-10042\tab HAR_JAME\tab SMITH
\par AZ\tab 4:93-00649\tab CV93-14151\tab HARR_JOH\tab PRICE
\par AZ\tab 4:95-00669\tab CV96-11892\tab BEAL_ROB\tab KITCHEN
\par AZ\tab 4:97-00296\tab CV97-10589\tab BALENT_J\tab HELMS
\par AZ\tab 4:97-00712\tab CV97-12328\tab KNAPP_CR\tab BENNETT
\par AZ\tab 4:97-00713\tab CV97-12329\tab BALENT_J\tab FELIX
\par AZ\tab 4:97-00735\tab CV97-12331\tab ROBE_DAN\tab ORO-GAST
\par CAC\tab 2:92-05369\tab CV92-11040\tab MCHUGH_C\tab LIN
\par CAC\tab 2:92-05395\tab CV93-10312\tab FEST_STU\tab SHAROL STIPKOVACH
\par CAC\tab 2:92-06048\tab CV93-11171\tab ALLIS_NI\tab SANCHEZ
\par CAC\tab 2:92-07113\tab CV97-10295\tab DENOVE_J\tab SEIFRING
\par \sect }\sectd \lndscpsxn\pgwsxn15840\pghsxn12240\marglsxn864\margrsxn864\margtsxn900\margbsxn864\sbknone\linex0\headery900\footery864\sectdefaultcl \pard\plain \qj\nowidctlpar
\tx-576\tx0\tx450\tx1656\tx2916\tx4086\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360\tx10800\tx11520\adjustright {\f2\fs16 CAC\tab 2:92-07611\tab CV93-10834\tab KARAFF_J\tab TELLSTROM
\par CAC\tab 2:93-00011\tab CV97-10296\tab BELLUC_J\tab TARVER
\par CAC\tab 2:93-00013\tab CV97-10297\tab PERONA_J\tab BOURGEOIS
\par CAC\tab 2:93-00048\tab CV93-10835\tab BRUSAV_B\tab CLARK
\par CAC\tab 2:93-00049\tab CV93-10836\tab BRUSAV_B\tab FERTIG
\par CAC\tab 2:93-00196\tab CV97-10298\tab LOPEZ_RA\tab LEVA
\par CAC\tab 2:93-00700\tab CV93-11316\tab BRUSAV_B\tab PETTENGILL
\par CAC\tab 2:93-02402\tab CV93-12622\tab OLSON_MI\tab COX
\par CAC\tab 2:93-03290\tab CV97-10299\tab SINCLA_L\tab SAMUELS
\par CAC\tab 2:93-04664\tab CV97-10300\tab SCHOP_PA\tab CARISTE
\par CAC\tab 2:93-05447\tab CV97-10301\tab ADELMA_F\tab PITTS
\par CAC\tab 2:93-05988\tab CV97-10302\tab ANDREW_A\tab GILCHRIST
\par CAC\tab 2:93-06607\tab CV94-10018\tab MCHUGH_C\tab WING
\par CAC\tab 2:93-07543\tab CV97-10303\tab STOLIK_E\tab LERER
\par CAC\tab 2:93-07718\tab CV97-10304\tab ROBINS_M\tab EVANS
\par CAC\tab 2:94-00079\tab CV94-11372\tab HANSEN_J\tab CLARK
\par CAC\tab 2:94-00419\tab CV97-10305\tab ANDREW_A\tab HARGIS
\par CAC\tab 2:94-00684\tab CV94-11739\tab LOPEZ_RA\tab VINCI
\par CAC\tab 2:94-00795\tab CV97-10306\tab SINCLA_L\tab CLARK
\par CAC\tab 2:94-00796\tab CV97-10307\tab AGNEW_GE\tab BARNHART
\par CAC\tab 2:94-00819\tab CV97-10308\tab HURWIT_L\tab ROCHA
\par CAC\tab 2:94-00820\tab CV97-10309\tab HURWIT_L\tab HILL
\par CAC\tab 2:94-01625\tab CV97-10310\tab MART_RAL\tab JOHNSON
\par CAC\tab 2:94-01626\tab CV97-10311\tab WESTEL_A\tab HAUPERT
\par CAC\tab 2:94-02075\tab CV97-10312\tab PORTUG_N\tab GALLEN
\par CAC\tab 2:94-02946\tab CV97-10313\tab SILBER_R\tab COOGLE-VERHELST
\par CAC\tab 2:94-03093\tab CV97-10314\tab CASTLE_C\tab SOUTH
\par CAC\tab 2:94-03344\tab CV97-10315\tab MILMAN_A\tab DENKLER
\par CAC\tab 2:94-03481\tab CV97-10316\tab BOUCHE_R\tab TIMINERI
\par CAC\tab 2:94-04879\tab CV95-10121\tab HILTON_L\tab WILSON
\par CAC\tab 2:94-05387\tab CV97-10317\tab WELDON_C\tab LUNDIN
\par CAC\tab 2:94-06858\tab CV95-10002\tab CAPRET_J\tab EATON
\par CAC\tab 2:94-07482\tab CV95-10122\tab HO_TAMAR\tab WELLINS
\par CAC\tab 2:95-04188\tab CV95-18136\tab MIGLER_J\tab CARLI
\par CAC\tab 2:95-05389\tab CV97-10590\tab DEMONT_P\tab HAHN-SALZ
\par CAC\tab 2:95-06565\tab CV97-10591\tab HICKMA_C\tab BETTERMAN
\par CAC\tab 2:95-06566\tab CV97-10592\tab DUNBAR_D\tab WEXLER
\par CAC\tab 2:95-06567\tab CV97-10593\tab TESKE_CH\tab DIGGS
\par CAC\tab 2:95-06632\tab CV97-10594\tab STOLIK_E\tab TUCKER
\par CAC\tab 2:95-06633\tab CV97-10595\tab SCHOP_PA\tab MCWANE
\par CAC\tab 2:95-06849\tab CV97-10596\tab BLOOM_RI\tab BLAZE
\par CAC\tab 2:95-06850\tab CV97-10597\tab MILMAN_A\tab DENKLER
\par CAC\tab 2:95-06885\tab CV97-10598\tab BURNS_JE\tab BURNS
\par CAC\tab 2:96-04769\tab CV97-10831\tab PRINCE_T\tab TAYLOR
\par CAC\tab 2:97-00812\tab CV97-10192\tab ANDREW_A\tab JOHNSON
\par CAC\tab 2:97-03698\tab CV97-10832\tab HUTTO_MA\tab GENSER
\par CAC\tab 2:97-04472\tab CV97-11226\tab SCHRIE_L\tab BOLHUIS
\par CAC\tab 2:97-04497\tab CV97-10834\tab HUTTO_MA\tab STRATTON
\par CAC\tab 2:97-04756\tab CV97-10997\tab HUTTO_MA\tab BRUEN
\par CAC\tab 2:97-05642\tab CV97-11844\tab CARUSO_M\tab MCCONNELL
\par \sect }\sectd \lndscpsxn\pgwsxn15840\pghsxn12240\marglsxn864\margrsxn864\margtsxn900\margbsxn864\sbknone\linex0\headery900\footery864\sectdefaultcl \pard\plain \qj\nowidctlpar
\tx-576\tx0\tx450\tx1656\tx2916\tx4086\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360\tx10800\tx11520\adjustright {\f2\fs16 CAC\tab 2:97-06329\tab CV97-11227\tab FISCHM_J\tab MCLEOD
\par CAC\tab 2:97-07152\tab CV97-11596\tab HUTTO_MA\tab GRAY
\par CAC\tab 2:97-07266\tab CV97-11847\tab HUTTO_MA\tab WORDEN
\par CAC\tab 2:97-07512\tab CV97-11848\tab FISCHM_J\tab TORGERSON
\par CAC\tab 2:97-07802\tab CV98-10043\tab LOPEZ_RA\tab HILL
\par CAC\tab 2:97-08001\tab CV97-12332\tab LOPEZ_RA\tab WEBER
\par CAC\tab 2:97-08002\tab CV97-12333\tab LOPEZ_RA\tab LEWIS
\par CAC\tab 2:97-08018\tab CV98-10300\tab HAHN_BLA\tab FLORDELIS
\par CAC\tab 2:97-08042\tab CV98-10044\tab HAHN_BLA\tab HAYWARD
\par CAC\tab 2:97-08043\tab CV98-10045\tab HAHN_BLA\tab MOORE
\par CAC\tab 2:97-08196\tab CV98-11517\tab SHERMA_A\tab FREEMAN
\par CAC\tab 2:98-00242\tab CV98-11876\tab TIBBAL_T\tab O'REILLY
\par CAC\tab 2:98-07114\tab CV99-10002\tab HERSCH_L\tab SCROGGINS
\par CAC\tab 5:97-00232\tab CV97-11393\tab AKEL_RIC\tab BOYD
\par CAC\tab 5:98-00021\tab CV98-11878\tab TIBBAL_T\tab BUTTREY
\par CAC\tab 5:98-00022\tab CV98-11879\tab TIBBAL_T\tab CRUMP
\par CAC\tab 8:92-00643\tab CV92-11158\tab DENOVE_J\tab SEIFRING
\par CAC\tab 8:93-00013\tab CV93-10845\tab BRUSAV_B\tab TARUMOTO
\par CAC\tab 8:93-00014\tab CV93-10846\tab BRUSAV_B\tab HEALD
\par CAC\tab 8:93-00963\tab CV93-14160\tab ANDREW_A\tab MCDONALD
\par CAC\tab 8:94-00208\tab CV94-11742\tab WESTEL_A\tab SHARP
\par CAE\tab 1:93-05865\tab CV94-10306\tab GASSET_N\tab BURKE
\par CAE\tab 1:93-05868\tab CV94-10612\tab DUNBAR_D\tab HOLT
\par CAE\tab 1:96-06373\tab CV97-10193\tab FISCHM_J\tab HARBISON
\par CAE\tab 1:97-05496\tab CV97-10602\tab HUTTO_MA\tab GONZALEZ
\par CAE\tab 1:97-05497\tab CV97-10708\tab HUTTON_M\tab GONZALEZ
\par CAE\tab 1:97-05560\tab CV97-10835\tab HUTTO_MA\tab VANDERLAAN
\par CAE\tab 1:97-05562\tab CV97-10709\tab HUTTO_MA\tab MARTIN
\par CAE\tab 1:97-05622\tab CV97-10836\tab HUTTO_MA\tab SMITH
\par CAE\tab 1:97-05702\tab CV97-10998\tab MOSER_RI\tab BALLENTINE
\par CAE\tab 1:97-05818\tab CV97-11394\tab AKEL_RIC\tab SCHMIDT
\par CAE\tab 1:97-05931\tab CV97-11597\tab HUTTON_M\tab O'DONNELL
\par CAE\tab 1:97-05932\tab CV97-11598\tab HUTTO_MA\tab BARRY
\par CAE\tab 1:97-05933\tab CV97-11599\tab HUTTO_MA\tab BARGHI
\par CAE\tab 1:97-05934\tab CV97-11600\tab HUTTO_MA\tab AMARO
\par CAE\tab 1:97-05949\tab CV97-11601\tab HUTTO_MA\tab TROTTER
\par CAE\tab 1:97-05950\tab CV97-11602\tab HUTTON_M\tab COCHRAN
\par CAE\tab 1:97-05951\tab CV97-11603\tab HUTTO_MA\tab TYLER
\par CAE\tab 1:97-05952\tab CV97-11604\tab HUTTO_MA\tab FRANEY
\par CAE\tab 1:97-05953\tab CV97-11605\tab HUTTO_MA\tab WATERHOUSE
\par CAE\tab 1:97-05954\tab CV97-11606\tab HUTTON_M\tab WILLIAMS
\par CAE\tab 1:97-05955\tab CV97-11607\tab HUTTON_M\tab GRAINGER
\par CAE\tab 1:97-06053\tab CV98-10047\tab HAHN_BLA\tab OGANS
\par CAE\tab 1:97-06147\tab CV98-10048\tab HUTTO_MA\tab LEE
\par CAE\tab 1:97-06148\tab CV98-10049\tab HUTTO_MA\tab KERNS
\par CAE\tab 1:97-06149\tab CV98-10050\tab HUTTO_MA\tab AVOLEDO
\par CAE\tab 1:97-06184\tab CV99-10003\tab KLEIN_RO\tab COFFFMAN
\par CAE\tab 1:97-06222\tab CV98-10302\tab HUTTO_MA\tab POYTRESS
\par CAE\tab 2:94-00608\tab CV94-13316\tab O'BRIE_B\tab HADDEN
\par CAE\tab 2:96-01966\tab CV97-10001\tab WHARTO_D\tab BRICE
\par \sect }\sectd \lndscpsxn\pgwsxn15840\pghsxn12240\marglsxn864\margrsxn864\margtsxn900\margbsxn864\sbknone\linex0\headery900\footery864\sectdefaultcl \pard\plain \qj\nowidctlpar
\tx-576\tx0\tx450\tx1656\tx2916\tx4086\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360\tx10800\tx11520\adjustright {\f2\fs16 CAE\tab 2:97-00834\tab CV97-10837\tab HENDER_C\tab NELSON
\par CAE\tab 2:97-01449\tab CV97-11228\tab HERSCH_L\tab STOCKLE
\par CAE\tab 2:97-01830\tab CV97-11608\tab HUTTON_M\tab KOZIK
\par CAE\tab 2:97-02345\tab CV98-11518\tab HUTTO_MA\tab MILNER
\par CAN\tab 3:92-01488\tab CV92-10437\tab BOLTON_D\tab LESSOW
\par CAN\tab 3:92-03876\tab CV92-11049\tab BOLTON_D\tab DRAHOS
\par CAN\tab 3:92-04819\tab CV93-10518\tab TRUETT_H\tab WEIR
\par CAN\tab 3:92-04820\tab CV93-10714\tab TRUETT_H\tab OBERG
\par CAN\tab 3:93-00630\tab CV93-11025\tab HERSCH_L\tab WHITWORTH
\par CAN\tab 3:93-01147\tab CV93-11324\tab HERSCH_L\tab GONZALEZ
\par CAN\tab 3:93-01633\tab CV93-12196\tab BOLTON_D\tab CONNER
\par CAN\tab 3:93-02531\tab CV93-12633\tab HERRON_R\tab VON DER LIETH
\par CAN\tab 3:93-02839\tab CV93-12958\tab HAGERT_L\tab LUGO
\par CAN\tab 3:93-03930\tab CV94-12387\tab HERRON_R\tab AMUNDSEN
\par CAN\tab 3:93-04176\tab CV94-10704\tab BOLTON_D\tab FOLEY
\par CAN\tab 3:94-02034\tab CV94-14495\tab BEEMA_PA\tab HARMAN
\par CAN\tab 3:94-03985\tab CV97-11229\tab FRANEC_L\tab FOTCHMAN
\par CAN\tab 3:95-03470\tab CV98-10051\tab CHOULO_V\tab KATZ
\par CAN\tab 3:95-03565\tab CV97-10136\tab CHOULO_V\tab ADAMS
\par CAN\tab 3:97-00404\tab CV97-10474\tab HEIMAN_R\tab JACOBS
\par CAN\tab 3:97-01613\tab CV97-10603\tab HUTTO_MA\tab ADDY
\par CAN\tab 3:97-01762\tab CV97-10710\tab HUTTO_MA\tab RANDALL
\par CAN\tab 3:97-02465\tab CV97-10999\tab THOMA_WE\tab GENZOLI
\par CAN\tab 3:97-02839\tab CV97-11230\tab FABBRO_S\tab HOLMES
\par CAN\tab 3:97-03243\tab CV97-12110\tab BAILEY_M\tab MCKENNA
\par CAN\tab 3:97-03638\tab CV97-11850\tab HERRON_R\tab MILLER
\par CAN\tab 3:97-03699\tab CV98-11610\tab HERRON_J\tab COWAN
\par CAN\tab 3:97-03703\tab CV97-11851\tab BRILEY_D\tab ABBOTT
\par CAN\tab 3:97-03816\tab CV98-10052\tab BENNIO_D\tab PETERSON
\par CAN\tab 3:97-04560\tab CV98-11519\tab HUTTO_MA\tab KING
\par CAN\tab 4:97-00405\tab CV97-10385\tab CABRAS_E\tab ZURICH
\par CAN\tab 5:97-20490\tab CV97-10711\tab HUTTO_MA\tab NIEDERKORN
\par CAS\tab 3:92-00789\tab CV92-10352\tab BACALS_A\tab SCHMIDT
\par CAS\tab 3:93-00379\tab CV93-11326\tab HARRIS_S\tab ROEHNER
\par CAS\tab 3:94-00061\tab CV94-11574\tab MALTZM_J\tab MARLOW
\par CAS\tab 3:95-00135\tab CV97-11347\tab BLAIR_NO\tab WEBER
\par CAS\tab 3:95-00136\tab CV97-11348\tab BLAIR_NO\tab JOLLY
\par CAS\tab 3:95-00137\tab CV97-11349\tab PLAVNI_G\tab TAYLOR
\par CAS\tab 3:95-00761\tab CV95-13133\tab WAGNON_W\tab BOYD
\par CAS\tab 3:95-00800\tab CV97-11350\tab LICCAR_S\tab COOK
\par CAS\tab 3:95-00821\tab CV97-11351\tab LOPEZ_RA\tab ROBINSON
\par CAS\tab 3:95-00827\tab CV97-11352\tab LOPEZ_RA\tab PATTERSON
\par CAS\tab 3:95-00868\tab CV95-18056\tab HOWART_D\tab HUMPHRIES
\par CAS\tab 3:95-00884\tab CV97-10712\tab LOPEZ_RA\tab CRONEY
\par CAS\tab 3:95-00887\tab CV97-10713\tab LICCAR_S\tab D'AMICO
\par CAS\tab 3:95-00894\tab CV97-10714\tab LOPEZ_RA\tab MORPHIS
\par CAS\tab 3:95-00908\tab CV97-10715\tab SILBER_R\tab GARCIA
\par CAS\tab 3:95-00925\tab CV97-10716\tab SILBER_R\tab MORELL
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02488\tab CV98-10303\tab PLAVNI_G\tab MACKAY
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02490\tab CV98-10304\tab ANDREW_A\tab KIMMICH
\par \sect }\sectd \lndscpsxn\pgwsxn15840\pghsxn12240\marglsxn864\margrsxn864\margtsxn900\margbsxn864\sbknone\linex0\headery900\footery864\sectdefaultcl \pard\plain \qj\nowidctlpar
\tx-576\tx0\tx450\tx1656\tx2916\tx4086\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360\tx10800\tx11520\adjustright {\f2\fs16 CAS\tab 3:95-02491\tab CV98-10305\tab DOUGHE_W\tab KING
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02492\tab CV98-10306\tab SILBER_R\tab KING
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02493\tab CV98-10307\tab HUNT_VER\tab KING
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02494\tab CV98-10308\tab WAGNE_AN\tab KING
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02495\tab CV98-10309\tab ANDREW_A\tab KING
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02496\tab CV98-10310\tab ANDRE_AN\tab KINISON
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02497\tab CV98-10311\tab LICCAR_S\tab KIOUS
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02498\tab CV98-10312\tab ANDREW_A\tab KLEIN
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02499\tab CV98-10313\tab GAGE_BRA\tab KLEINMAN
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02500\tab CV98-10314\tab HUNT_VER\tab KNIGHT
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02501\tab CV98-10315\tab ANDREW_A\tab KOEHL
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02502\tab CV98-10316\tab HENLE_PA\tab KOENIG
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02503\tab CV98-10317\tab GOLDBE_L\tab KOKET
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02504\tab CV98-10318\tab CHASE_CY\tab KOLLER
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02505\tab CV98-10319\tab ANDREW_A\tab KOOSED
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02506\tab CV98-10320\tab SILBER_R\tab KOPIT
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02507\tab CV98-10321\tab SILBER_R\tab KOSAKO
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02508\tab CV98-10322\tab SPAGNO_C\tab KOTLAR
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02509\tab CV98-10323\tab SILBER_R\tab KOUCKY
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02510\tab CV98-10324\tab FABBRO_S\tab KOZLOWSKI
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02512\tab CV98-10325\tab SILBER_R\tab KRADEN
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02513\tab CV98-10326\tab THOMA_WE\tab KRISTINSEN
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02514\tab CV98-10327\tab GAGE_BRA\tab KROUSKOP
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02515\tab CV98-10328\tab LOPEZ_RA\tab KRULL
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02516\tab CV98-10329\tab LOPEZ_RA\tab KUHN
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02517\tab CV98-10330\tab ANDREW_A\tab KUTZ
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02518\tab CV98-10331\tab LOUDER_C\tab A
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02519\tab CV98-10332\tab WOHL_ALV\tab LABORDE
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02520\tab CV98-10333\tab SILBER_R\tab LAMIA
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02521\tab CV98-10334\tab BOLTON_D\tab LANE
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02522\tab CV98-10335\tab LOPEZ_RA\tab LANGENEGGER
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02523\tab CV98-10336\tab LICCAR_S\tab LAND
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02524\tab CV98-10337\tab SILBER_R\tab LARSEN
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02525\tab CV98-10338\tab ANDREW_A\tab LA RUE
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02526\tab CV98-10339\tab ANDREW_A\tab LASLEY
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02527\tab CV98-10340\tab ANDREW_A\tab LAUGHLIN
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02528\tab CV98-10341\tab SILBER_R\tab LAURICELLA
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02529\tab CV98-10342\tab ANDREW_A\tab LAW
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02531\tab CV98-10343\tab SILBER_R\tab LAWRENCE
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02532\tab CV98-10344\tab SILBER_R\tab LEE
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02533\tab CV98-10345\tab ANDREW_A\tab LEFROIS
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02534\tab CV98-10346\tab ALBERT_A\tab LENICHEK
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02535\tab CV98-10347\tab ANDREW_A\tab LE SAGE
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02536\tab CV98-10348\tab SILBER_R\tab LESLIE
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02537\tab CV98-10349\tab SILBER_R\tab LESTER
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02538\tab CV98-10350\tab SILBER_R\tab LEVINSON
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02539\tab CV98-10351\tab ANDREW_A\tab LEWIS
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02540\tab CV98-10352\tab SILBER_R\tab LIBERATORE
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02541\tab CV98-10353\tab ANDERS_T\tab LIEB
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02542\tab CV98-10354\tab ANDREW_A\tab LILENQUIST
\par \sect }\sectd \lndscpsxn\pgwsxn15840\pghsxn12240\marglsxn864\margrsxn864\margtsxn900\margbsxn864\sbknone\linex0\headery900\footery864\sectdefaultcl \pard\plain \qj\nowidctlpar
\tx-576\tx0\tx450\tx1656\tx2916\tx4086\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360\tx10800\tx11520\adjustright {\f2\fs16 CAS\tab 3:95-02543\tab CV98-10355\tab ANDREW_A\tab LILLY
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02545\tab CV98-10356\tab SILBER_R\tab LINARES
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02546\tab CV98-10357\tab SILBER_R\tab LIS
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02547\tab CV98-10358\tab ANDREW_A\tab LITTLE
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02548\tab CV98-10359\tab ANDREW_A\tab LOCKE
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02549\tab CV98-10360\tab DALEY_WI\tab LOCKWOOD
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02550\tab CV98-10361\tab LOPEZ_RA\tab LOFFLER
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02551\tab CV98-10362\tab ANDREW_A\tab LOFGREN
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02552\tab CV98-10363\tab ANDREW_A\tab LOMBARDI
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02553\tab CV98-10364\tab FABBRO_S\tab LONG
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02554\tab CV98-10365\tab SILBER_R\tab LOPEZ
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02555\tab CV98-10366\tab SILBER_R\tab LOPEZ
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02556\tab CV98-10367\tab ROBINS_M\tab LOREN
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02557\tab CV98-10368\tab ANDREW_A\tab LORENGER
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02558\tab CV98-10369\tab SILBER_R\tab LOTT
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02559\tab CV98-10370\tab LOPEZ_RA\tab LOVING
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02560\tab CV98-10371\tab NORDST_D\tab LOZANO
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02561\tab CV98-10372\tab LOPEZ_RA\tab LUCIDO
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02562\tab CV98-10373\tab SILBER_R\tab LUGO
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02563\tab CV98-10374\tab LOPEZ_RA\tab LUMBERT
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02564\tab CV98-10375\tab ANDREW_A\tab LUNDAHL
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02565\tab CV98-10376\tab LOUDER_C\tab LUNEBERG
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02566\tab CV98-10377\tab ANDREW_A\tab LUPERCIO
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02567\tab CV98-10378\tab SILBER_R\tab LUSSIER
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02568\tab CV98-10379\tab SILBER_R\tab LUTHER
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02569\tab CV98-10380\tab SILBER_R\tab LUTTRELL
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02570\tab CV98-10381\tab SILBER_R\tab LUX
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02571\tab CV98-10382\tab BARRET_E\tab MACHADO
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02572\tab CV98-10383\tab ANDREW_A\tab MACK
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02573\tab CV98-10384\tab ROBINS_M\tab MACKAIG
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02574\tab CV98-10385\tab SILBER_R\tab ABBITT-VANDERDONCK
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02575\tab CV98-10386\tab SILBER_R\tab ABBONDANTE
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02576\tab CV98-10387\tab SILBER_R\tab ABBOTT
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02577\tab CV98-10388\tab FABBRO_S\tab ABERNATHY
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02578\tab CV98-10389\tab ANDREW_A\tab ABRAMS
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02579\tab CV98-10390\tab LICCAR_S\tab ABRIL
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02580\tab CV98-10391\tab ANDREW_A\tab ACOSTA
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02582\tab CV98-10392\tab ADAMS_LI\tab ADAMS
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02583\tab CV98-10393\tab MOOR_CAR\tab ADAMS
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02584\tab CV98-10394\tab SILBER_R\tab ADAMS
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02585\tab CV98-10395\tab SILBER_R\tab AGUSTINE
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02586\tab CV98-10396\tab SPAGNO_C\tab ALEX
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02587\tab CV98-10397\tab FABBRO_S\tab ALGIER
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02588\tab CV98-10398\tab ALLIS_NI\tab ALLEN
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02589\tab CV98-10399\tab ANDER_GR\tab ALONZO
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02590\tab CV98-10400\tab LOPEZ_RA\tab AMBUR
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02591\tab CV98-10401\tab LOPEZ_RA\tab ANDERSON
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02592\tab CV98-10402\tab PLAVNI_G\tab ANDERSON
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02593\tab CV98-10403\tab SILBER_R\tab ANDERSON
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02594\tab CV98-10404\tab SILBER_R\tab ANDERSON
\par \sect }\sectd \lndscpsxn\pgwsxn15840\pghsxn12240\marglsxn864\margrsxn864\margtsxn900\margbsxn864\sbknone\linex0\headery900\footery864\sectdefaultcl \pard\plain \qj\nowidctlpar
\tx-576\tx0\tx450\tx1656\tx2916\tx4086\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360\tx10800\tx11520\adjustright {\f2\fs16 CAS\tab 3:95-02595\tab CV98-10405\tab LICCAR_S\tab ANDERSON
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02596\tab CV98-10406\tab LOUDER_C\tab ANDRADE
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02598\tab CV98-10407\tab PERONA_J\tab ANSARI
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02599\tab CV98-10408\tab LOPEZ_RA\tab ANTON
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02600\tab CV98-10409\tab LOPEZ_RA\tab ARNESON
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02601\tab CV98-10410\tab SILBER_R\tab ASKARI
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02602\tab CV98-10411\tab SILBER_R\tab ASTORJA
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02603\tab CV98-10412\tab GAGE_BRA\tab ASBURY
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02604\tab CV98-10413\tab ANDREW_A\tab ATHANS
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02605\tab CV98-10414\tab HOOSER_E\tab ATKINS
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02606\tab CV98-10415\tab SILBER_R\tab ATTIAS
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02607\tab CV98-10416\tab SILBER_R\tab AU
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02608\tab CV98-10417\tab ANDREW_A\tab AUBREY
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02609\tab CV98-10418\tab SILBER_R\tab AUERBACH
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02610\tab CV98-10419\tab SILBER_R\tab AUSTIN
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02611\tab CV98-10420\tab LOUDER_C\tab B
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02613\tab CV98-10421\tab LOUDER_C\tab BACHRACH
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02614\tab CV98-10422\tab SILBER_R\tab BAILEY
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02615\tab CV98-10423\tab SILBER_R\tab BAIN
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02616\tab CV98-10424\tab SILBER_R\tab BARCLAY
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02617\tab CV98-10425\tab LICCAR_S\tab BARNES
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02618\tab CV98-10426\tab CHOULO_V\tab BARRIOS
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02619\tab CV98-10427\tab SILBER_R\tab BARR-WHITE
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02620\tab CV98-10428\tab FABBRO_S\tab BASFORD
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02621\tab CV98-10429\tab BASHA_M*\tab BASHAW
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02622\tab CV98-10430\tab SILBER_R\tab BASS
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02623\tab CV98-10431\tab SILBER_R\tab BASSETT
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02624\tab CV98-10432\tab ANDREW_A\tab BAUER
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02625\tab CV98-10433\tab HUNT_VER\tab BAUGHMAN
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02626\tab CV98-10434\tab SILBER_R\tab BEATEY
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02627\tab CV98-10435\tab SILBER_R\tab BEAULIEU
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02628\tab CV98-10436\tab CARSTE_D\tab BERG
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02629\tab CV98-10437\tab SILBER_R\tab BELANGER
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02630\tab CV98-10438\tab LOUDER_C\tab BELL
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02631\tab CV98-10439\tab PIERRY_T\tab BELL
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02632\tab CV98-10440\tab ANDREW_A\tab BELLANO
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02633\tab CV98-10441\tab BERCK_JO\tab BERCK
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02634\tab CV98-10442\tab SEELEY_H\tab BERGMAN
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02635\tab CV98-10443\tab LOPEZ_RA\tab BERMANI
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02636\tab CV98-10444\tab SILBER_R\tab BERT
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02637\tab CV98-10445\tab ANDREW_A\tab BISHOP
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02638\tab CV98-10446\tab DUNBAR_D\tab BLACHER
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02639\tab CV98-10447\tab LOUDER_C\tab BRALY
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02640\tab CV98-10448\tab FABBRO_S\tab BRENNAN
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02641\tab CV98-10449\tab LOPEZ_RA\tab BREWSTER
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02642\tab CV98-10450\tab LOUDER_C\tab BRICKNER
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02643\tab CV98-10451\tab ANDREW_A\tab BROLLIER
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02644\tab CV98-10452\tab ANDREW_A\tab BROWN
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02645\tab CV98-10453\tab MOORE_TH\tab BROWN
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02646\tab CV98-10454\tab ANDREW_A\tab BRUCE
\par \sect }\sectd \lndscpsxn\pgwsxn15840\pghsxn12240\marglsxn864\margrsxn864\margtsxn900\margbsxn864\sbknone\linex0\headery900\footery864\sectdefaultcl \pard\plain \qj\nowidctlpar
\tx-576\tx0\tx450\tx1656\tx2916\tx4086\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360\tx10800\tx11520\adjustright {\f2\fs16 CAS\tab 3:95-02647\tab CV98-10455\tab SILBER_R\tab BRUMMETT
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02648\tab CV98-10456\tab FABBRO_S\tab BRUNEL
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02649\tab CV98-10457\tab LOPEZ_RA\tab BRUNER
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02650\tab CV98-10458\tab SILBER_R\tab BRYAN
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02651\tab CV98-10459\tab LOPEZ_RA\tab BRYSON
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02652\tab CV98-10460\tab SILBER_R\tab BLAKE
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02653\tab CV98-10461\tab SILBER_R\tab BLAKELY
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02654\tab CV98-10462\tab ANDREW_A\tab BLASIUS
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02655\tab CV98-10463\tab FABBRO_S\tab BLEVINS
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02656\tab CV98-10464\tab LOPEZ_RA\tab BLOOM
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02658\tab CV98-10465\tab DURHAM_D\tab BOGEN
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02659\tab CV98-10466\tab HERRON_J\tab BOKA
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02660\tab CV98-10467\tab SILBER_R\tab BOOP
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02661\tab CV98-10468\tab ANDREW_A\tab BOOTH
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02662\tab CV98-10469\tab LOPEZ_RA\tab RANGEL
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02663\tab CV98-10470\tab LOPEZ_RA\tab RANKINS
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02664\tab CV98-10471\tab SILBER_R\tab RAPOPORT
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02665\tab CV98-10472\tab SILBER_R\tab RAVEN
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02666\tab CV98-10473\tab LOPEZ_RA\tab RAYE NOVAK
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02667\tab CV98-10474\tab SILBER_R\tab RAZO
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02668\tab CV98-10475\tab ANDREW_A\tab REDELFS
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02669\tab CV98-10476\tab ANDREW_A\tab REEVES
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02670\tab CV98-10477\tab ANDREW_A\tab REID
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02671\tab CV98-10478\tab LOPEZ_RA\tab REIF
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02672\tab CV98-10479\tab SILBER_R\tab REINHART
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02673\tab CV98-10480\tab ANDREW_A\tab REKTE
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02674\tab CV98-10481\tab GEORGE_H\tab REMENDER
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02675\tab CV98-10482\tab ANDREW_A\tab RICHARDS
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02676\tab CV98-10483\tab SILBER_R\tab MICHAEL
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02677\tab CV98-10484\tab SILBER_R\tab RIDGWAY
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02678\tab CV98-10485\tab ANDREW_A\tab RILEY
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02680\tab CV98-10486\tab ANDREW_A\tab RIPANI
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02681\tab CV98-10487\tab LOPEZ_RA\tab RILEY
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02682\tab CV98-10488\tab HAMILT_T\tab RINDFLEISCH
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02683\tab CV98-10489\tab PETTY_RE\tab RIPPO
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02684\tab CV98-10490\tab LOUDER_C\tab RIPS
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02685\tab CV98-10491\tab HERSH_NA\tab RIVERA
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02686\tab CV98-10492\tab ROBINS_M\tab ROACH
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02687\tab CV98-10493\tab SPAGNO_C\tab ROBERTS
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02688\tab CV98-10494\tab LICCAR_S\tab ROBERTSON
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02689\tab CV98-10495\tab ANDREW_A\tab ROBERTSON
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02690\tab CV98-10496\tab ANDREW_A\tab ROBINSON
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02691\tab CV98-10497\tab SILBER_R\tab RODRIGUEZ
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02692\tab CV98-10498\tab FABBRO_S\tab ROGERS
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02693\tab CV98-10499\tab SILBER_R\tab ROM
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02694\tab CV98-10500\tab ANDREW_A\tab ROMANO
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02695\tab CV98-10501\tab PLAVNI_G\tab ROMERO
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02696\tab CV98-10502\tab ANDREW_A\tab RONCONE
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02697\tab CV98-10503\tab GAGE_BRA\tab RONNING
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02698\tab CV98-10504\tab LOPEZ_RA\tab ROSE
\par \sect }\sectd \lndscpsxn\pgwsxn15840\pghsxn12240\marglsxn864\margrsxn864\margtsxn900\margbsxn864\sbknone\linex0\headery900\footery864\sectdefaultcl \pard\plain \qj\nowidctlpar
\tx-576\tx0\tx450\tx1656\tx2916\tx4086\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360\tx10800\tx11520\adjustright {\f2\fs16 CAS\tab 3:95-02699\tab CV98-10505\tab LOUDER_C\tab ROSELLI
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02700\tab CV98-10506\tab ANDREW_A\tab ROSEN
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02701\tab CV98-10507\tab BRUSAV_B\tab ROSS
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02702\tab CV98-10508\tab ANDREW_A\tab ROY
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02737\tab CV98-10509\tab SILBER_R\tab ST JOHN
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02738\tab CV98-10510\tab ANDREW_A\tab ST GEORGE
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02739\tab CV98-10511\tab ANDREW_A\tab RYAN
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02740\tab CV98-10512\tab SILBER_R\tab RYAN
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02741\tab CV98-10513\tab \tab RUSSELL
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02742\tab CV98-10514\tab NORDST_L\tab RUSSELL
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02743\tab CV98-10515\tab ANDREW_A\tab RUSHMORE
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02744\tab CV98-10516\tab ANDREW_A\tab RUDICH
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02745\tab CV98-10517\tab GAGE_BRA\tab RUCHALA
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02747\tab CV98-10518\tab BERLIN_M\tab ZUCKER
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02748\tab CV98-10519\tab DUNBAR_D\tab ZLOTNIK
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02749\tab CV98-10520\tab ANDREW_A\tab ZINKAN
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02750\tab CV98-10521\tab ANDREW_A\tab ZAVALA
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02751\tab CV98-10522\tab SILBER_R\tab ZARATE
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02752\tab CV98-10523\tab SEELEY_H\tab ZAMMITO
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02753\tab CV98-10524\tab ANDREW_A\tab SASNER
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02754\tab CV98-10525\tab SILBER_R\tab SAVAGE
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02755\tab CV98-10526\tab ANDREW_A\tab SCARF
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02756\tab CV98-10527\tab PORTUG_N\tab SCHAAL
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02757\tab CV98-10528\tab CHOULO_V\tab SCHARNELL
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02758\tab CV98-10529\tab LEVI_LOU\tab SCHEILL
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02760\tab CV98-10530\tab WELDON_C\tab SCHIFANO
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02761\tab CV98-10531\tab ANDREW_A\tab SCHIMP
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02762\tab CV98-10532\tab CHOULO_V\tab SCHLITZ
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02763\tab CV98-10533\tab SILBER_R\tab SCHMATENBERGER
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02764\tab CV98-10534\tab ANDREW_A\tab SCHMID
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02765\tab CV98-10535\tab SILBER_R\tab SCHMIDT
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02766\tab CV98-10536\tab CHASE_CY\tab SCHMITZ
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02767\tab CV98-10537\tab SILBER_R\tab SCHNESE
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02768\tab CV98-10538\tab DICESA_J\tab SCHOENTHAL
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02769\tab CV98-10539\tab SILBER_R\tab SCHWAB
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02770\tab CV98-10540\tab SILBER_R\tab SCOTT
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02771\tab CV98-10541\tab LOPEZ_RA\tab SCRUGGS
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02772\tab CV98-10542\tab PORTUG_N\tab SACHS
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02773\tab CV98-10543\tab ANDREW_A\tab SALDIVAR
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02774\tab CV98-10544\tab DALEY_WI\tab SALGADO
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02775\tab CV98-10545\tab SILBER_R\tab SALVE
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02776\tab CV98-10546\tab BRUSAV_B\tab SAMLER
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02777\tab CV98-10547\tab ANDREW_A\tab SANCHEZ
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02778\tab CV98-10548\tab SILBER_R\tab SANCHEZ
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02779\tab CV98-10549\tab SILBER_R\tab SANDERS
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02780\tab CV98-10550\tab SILBER_R\tab SANDOVAL
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02781\tab CV98-10551\tab FABBRO_S\tab SANTAGADA
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02782\tab CV98-10552\tab SILBER_R\tab SAREMI
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02783\tab CV98-10553\tab SILBER_R\tab SARNELLE
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02784\tab CV98-10554\tab BRUSAV_B\tab CIRLOS
\par \sect }\sectd \lndscpsxn\pgwsxn15840\pghsxn12240\marglsxn864\margrsxn864\margtsxn900\margbsxn864\sbknone\linex0\headery900\footery864\sectdefaultcl \pard\plain \qj\nowidctlpar
\tx-576\tx0\tx450\tx1656\tx2916\tx4086\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360\tx10800\tx11520\adjustright {\f2\fs16 CAS\tab 3:95-02785\tab CV98-10555\tab LOPEZ_RA\tab CLARK
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02786\tab CV98-10556\tab CASEY_DA\tab CLARK
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02789\tab CV98-10557\tab ANDREW_A\tab FREDA
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02790\tab CV98-10558\tab SILBER_R\tab CLARK
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02791\tab CV98-10559\tab ANDER_GR\tab CLARK
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02792\tab CV98-10560\tab LOPEZ_RA\tab CLAY
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02793\tab CV98-10561\tab ANDREW_A\tab CODDINGTON
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02794\tab CV98-10562\tab SILBER_R\tab COEHOORN
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02795\tab CV98-10563\tab SILBER_R\tab COFFIN
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02797\tab CV98-10564\tab FINKEL_S\tab COLAVIN
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02798\tab CV98-10565\tab ANDREW_A\tab COLBURN
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02799\tab CV98-10566\tab ANDREW_A\tab COLETTA
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02800\tab CV98-10567\tab FABBRO_S\tab COLLINS
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02801\tab CV98-10568\tab ANDREW_A\tab COLLINSWORTH
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02802\tab CV98-10569\tab ANDREW_A\tab COLTRANE
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02803\tab CV98-10570\tab ANDREW_A\tab COMBS
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02804\tab CV98-10571\tab COMBS_SU\tab COMBS
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02805\tab CV98-10572\tab BENNIO_D\tab BUCHANAN
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02806\tab CV98-10573\tab FABBRO_S\tab BUCHANAN
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02807\tab CV98-10574\tab GAGE_BRA\tab BUCKLIN
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02808\tab CV98-10575\tab STOLI_EL\tab BUCKLIN
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02809\tab CV98-10576\tab ANDREW_A\tab BURGHARDT
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02810\tab CV98-10577\tab SILBER_R\tab BURKE
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02811\tab CV98-10578\tab BERLIN_M\tab BURKE
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02812\tab CV98-10579\tab LOPEZ_RA\tab BURKE
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02813\tab CV98-10580\tab SILBER_R\tab BURTON
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02814\tab CV98-10581\tab LICCAR_S\tab BURTON
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02815\tab CV98-10582\tab BARRY_PA\tab BURTON
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02816\tab CV98-10583\tab ANDREW_A\tab BUSCHELLE
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02817\tab CV98-10584\tab ANDREW_A\tab BUSH
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02818\tab CV98-10585\tab SILBER_R\tab BUTLER
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02819\tab CV98-10586\tab LOPEZ_RA\tab BYRON
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02820\tab CV98-10587\tab ANDREW_A\tab CABOTAGE
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02821\tab CV98-10588\tab HUNT_VER\tab CADLER
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02822\tab CV98-10589\tab LOPEZ_RA\tab CAIAZZO
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02823\tab CV98-10590\tab SILBER_R\tab CALLAGY
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02824\tab CV98-10591\tab SILBER_R\tab CALVO
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02826\tab CV98-10592\tab MONROY_J\tab CAMP
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02827\tab CV98-10593\tab SILBER_R\tab CAMPA
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02828\tab CV98-10594\tab ROBINS_M\tab CAMPBELL
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02829\tab CV98-10595\tab SILBER_R\tab CAMPOS
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02830\tab CV98-10596\tab BENNIO_D\tab CAMPUS
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02831\tab CV98-10597\tab SILBER_R\tab CAMPUZANO
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02832\tab CV98-10598\tab SILBER_R\tab CANTER
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02833\tab CV98-10599\tab LOPEZ_RA\tab CARDEN
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02834\tab CV98-10600\tab ANDREW_A\tab CAREZ
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02835\tab CV98-10601\tab GAGE_BRA\tab CARISTE
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02836\tab CV98-10602\tab DALEY_WI\tab CARLSON
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02837\tab CV98-10603\tab ROBINS_M\tab CARRINGTON
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02838\tab CV98-10604\tab ANDREW_A\tab CARSON
\par \sect }\sectd \lndscpsxn\pgwsxn15840\pghsxn12240\marglsxn864\margrsxn864\margtsxn900\margbsxn864\sbknone\linex0\headery900\footery864\sectdefaultcl \pard\plain \qj\nowidctlpar
\tx-576\tx0\tx450\tx1656\tx2916\tx4086\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360\tx10800\tx11520\adjustright {\f2\fs16 CAS\tab 3:95-02839\tab CV98-10605\tab SILBER_R\tab CASCIO
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02840\tab CV98-10606\tab SILBER_R\tab CASE
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02841\tab CV98-10607\tab SILBER_R\tab CASHMERE
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02842\tab CV98-10608\tab SILBER_R\tab CASTELAZO
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02843\tab CV98-10609\tab CASTEL_K\tab CASTELLANOS
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02844\tab CV98-10610\tab SILBER_R\tab CASTELLANOS
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02845\tab CV98-10611\tab LOPEZ_RA\tab CATALANO
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02846\tab CV98-10612\tab ANDREW_A\tab CAULKINS
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02847\tab CV98-10613\tab LICCAR_S\tab CELIBERTI
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02848\tab CV98-10614\tab ANDREW_A\tab CERDA
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02849\tab CV98-10615\tab ANDREW_A\tab CHA
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02850\tab CV98-10616\tab SILBER_R\tab CHALIAN
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02851\tab CV98-10617\tab LICCAR_S\tab CHAMBERS
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02852\tab CV98-10618\tab ANDREW_A\tab CHAPLIN
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02853\tab CV98-10619\tab ANDREW_A\tab CHARETTE
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02854\tab CV98-10620\tab ROBINS_M\tab CHARLEBOIX
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02855\tab CV98-10621\tab BOLTON_D\tab CHELDIN
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02856\tab CV98-10622\tab FABBRO_S\tab CHENY
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02858\tab CV98-10623\tab PERONA_J\tab CHEVALIER
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02859\tab CV98-10624\tab LICCAR_S\tab CHHUGANI
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02860\tab CV98-10625\tab LICCAR_S\tab CHIARELLI
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02862\tab CV98-10626\tab EGGLES_S\tab CHILDERS
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02864\tab CV98-10627\tab LICCAR_S\tab CHISM
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02865\tab CV98-10628\tab SILBER_R\tab CHRISTIE
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02866\tab CV98-10629\tab HOOSER_E\tab CHRISTIE
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02867\tab CV98-10630\tab ANDREW_A\tab CHRISTY
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02868\tab CV98-10631\tab ANDREW_A\tab CHU-LIN
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02869\tab CV98-10632\tab BROWN_WJ\tab CIMICATA
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02870\tab CV98-10633\tab SILBER_R\tab CIOTTI
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02871\tab CV98-10634\tab ANDREW_A\tab EVERTON
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02872\tab CV98-10635\tab LOUDER_C\tab MAF
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02873\tab CV98-10636\tab LOPEZ_RA\tab FANA
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02874\tab CV98-10637\tab ANDREW_A\tab FARINOLA
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02875\tab CV98-10638\tab FABBRO_S\tab FAULL
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02876\tab CV98-10639\tab PLAVNI_G\tab ROCCA
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02877\tab CV98-10640\tab LOPEZ_RA\tab FELANDO
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02878\tab CV98-10641\tab SILBER_R\tab FELICIANO
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02879\tab CV98-10642\tab FINKEL_S\tab FELIX
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02880\tab CV98-10643\tab SILBER_R\tab FENSKE
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02881\tab CV98-10644\tab ANDREW_A\tab FERRAND
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02882\tab CV98-10645\tab SILBER_R\tab FERRARO
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02883\tab CV98-10646\tab ANDREW_A\tab FEWEL
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02884\tab CV98-10647\tab ANDREW_A\tab FILIPEK
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02885\tab CV98-10648\tab SILBER_R\tab FILIPPONE
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02886\tab CV98-10649\tab SILBER_R\tab FINK
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02887\tab CV98-10650\tab ANDREW_A\tab FISHER
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02888\tab CV98-10651\tab GAGE_BRA\tab GOLDBERG
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02889\tab CV98-10652\tab SILBER_R\tab GOLDER
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02890\tab CV98-10653\tab LOPEZ_RA\tab GOLDIE
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02891\tab CV98-10654\tab PLAVNI_G\tab GOMEZ
\par \sect }\sectd \lndscpsxn\pgwsxn15840\pghsxn12240\marglsxn864\margrsxn864\margtsxn900\margbsxn864\sbknone\linex0\headery900\footery864\sectdefaultcl \pard\plain \qj\nowidctlpar
\tx-576\tx0\tx450\tx1656\tx2916\tx4086\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360\tx10800\tx11520\adjustright {\f2\fs16 CAS\tab 3:95-02892\tab CV98-10655\tab WESTEL_A\tab GOODWIN
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02893\tab CV98-10656\tab SILBER_R\tab GORBEL
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02894\tab CV98-10657\tab LOPEZ_RA\tab GRANDO-BRANNON
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02895\tab CV98-10658\tab SILBER_R\tab GRANT
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02896\tab CV98-10659\tab SILBER_R\tab GRAY
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02897\tab CV98-10660\tab SILBER_R\tab GRAY
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02899\tab CV98-10661\tab SILBER_R\tab GREEN
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02900\tab CV98-10662\tab STOLI_EL\tab GREENBERG
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02901\tab CV98-10663\tab EGGLES_S\tab GREGOIRE
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02902\tab CV98-10664\tab LOUDER_C\tab GROO
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02903\tab CV98-10665\tab MINKOF_R\tab GUDGEL-GIAMMONA
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02904\tab CV98-10666\tab SILBER_R\tab GUERRA
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02905\tab CV98-10667\tab ANDREW_A\tab GULDSTRAND
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02906\tab CV98-10668\tab SILBER_R\tab GYZENY
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02907\tab CV98-10669\tab PERONA_J\tab HA
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02908\tab CV98-10670\tab MAZZAR_D\tab HAASS
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02909\tab CV98-10671\tab LICCAR_S\tab HADDOCK
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02910\tab CV98-10672\tab GAGE_BRA\tab HAGGAN
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02911\tab CV98-10673\tab PERONA_J\tab HAHESY
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02912\tab CV98-10674\tab ANDREW_A\tab HAHN
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02913\tab CV98-10675\tab SILBER_R\tab GENN
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02914\tab CV98-10676\tab PERONA_J\tab GENSON
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02915\tab CV98-10677\tab SILBER_R\tab GEORGE
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02916\tab CV98-10678\tab SILBER_R\tab FERRARA
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02917\tab CV98-10679\tab ANDREW_A\tab GIACOLETTI
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02918\tab CV98-10680\tab SILBER_R\tab GIGGEY
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02919\tab CV98-10681\tab ANDREW_A\tab GILBERT
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02920\tab CV98-10682\tab SILBER_R\tab GILMOUR
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02921\tab CV98-10683\tab SILBER_R\tab GLIDDEN
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02922\tab CV98-10684\tab LICCAR_S\tab GOE
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02923\tab CV98-10685\tab SILBER_R\tab GOEAS
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02924\tab CV98-10686\tab LOUDER_C\tab GOLDBERG
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02925\tab CV98-10687\tab LOPEZ_RA\tab GARDINER
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02926\tab CV98-10688\tab WOHL_ALV\tab GARDNER
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02927\tab CV98-10689\tab HUNT_VER\tab GARDNER
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02928\tab CV98-10690\tab SILBER_R\tab GARDUNO
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02929\tab CV98-10691\tab PERONA_J\tab GARLAND
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02930\tab CV98-10692\tab SILBER_R\tab GARUNDO-MARICHI
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02931\tab CV98-10693\tab SILBER_R\tab GAUDIAN
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02932\tab CV98-10694\tab SILBER_R\tab GAUTSCHI
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02933\tab CV98-10695\tab FINKEL_S\tab GEARY
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02934\tab CV98-10696\tab ANDREW_A\tab GEIGER
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02935\tab CV98-10697\tab LOPEZ_RA\tab FREYERMUTH
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02936\tab CV98-10698\tab SILBER_R\tab FRICIA
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02937\tab CV98-10699\tab SILBER_R\tab FRIDOLFS
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02938\tab CV98-10700\tab PERONA_J\tab FRIES
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02939\tab CV98-10701\tab SILBER_R\tab FROMBERG
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02940\tab CV98-10702\tab LOUDER_C\tab FURTADO
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02941\tab CV98-10703\tab SILBER_R\tab GABBARD
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02942\tab CV98-10704\tab BAUM_DAV\tab GALEN
\par \sect }\sectd \lndscpsxn\pgwsxn15840\pghsxn12240\marglsxn864\margrsxn864\margtsxn900\margbsxn864\sbknone\linex0\headery900\footery864\sectdefaultcl \pard\plain \qj\nowidctlpar
\tx-576\tx0\tx450\tx1656\tx2916\tx4086\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360\tx10800\tx11520\adjustright {\f2\fs16 CAS\tab 3:95-02943\tab CV98-10705\tab LOPEZ_RA\tab GARCIA
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02944\tab CV98-10706\tab PERONA_J\tab FOSCO
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02945\tab CV98-10707\tab LOPEZ_RA\tab FRANKEL
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02946\tab CV98-10708\tab HUNT_VER\tab FRASER
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02947\tab CV98-10709\tab LOPEZ_RA\tab FRAZIER
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02948\tab CV98-10710\tab SILBER_R\tab FREEMAN
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02949\tab CV98-10711\tab FABBRO_S\tab FRENCH
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02950\tab CV98-10712\tab LICCAR_S\tab FREUND
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02951\tab CV98-10713\tab BRUSAV_B\tab FLACK
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02952\tab CV98-10714\tab PLAVNI_G\tab FLADRY
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02953\tab CV98-10715\tab LICCAR_S\tab FLAK
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02954\tab CV98-10716\tab LOPEZ_RA\tab FLEMING
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02955\tab CV98-10717\tab SILBER_R\tab FLETHCHER
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02956\tab CV98-10718\tab SILBER_R\tab FLORES
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02957\tab CV98-10719\tab SILBER_R\tab FOLKESTAD
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02958\tab CV98-10720\tab LOUDER_C\tab FONG
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02959\tab CV98-10721\tab SILBER_R\tab FORD
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02960\tab CV98-10722\tab SILBER_R\tab FOREST
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02961\tab CV98-10723\tab ANDREW_A\tab VULKOVICH
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02962\tab CV98-10724\tab BERLIN_M\tab WADE
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02963\tab CV98-10725\tab SILBER_R\tab WADSWORTH
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02964\tab CV98-10726\tab SILBER_R\tab WADUM
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02965\tab CV98-10727\tab ANDREW_A\tab WAGNER
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02966\tab CV98-10728\tab SILBER_R\tab WALDEN
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02967\tab CV98-10729\tab ALBERT_A\tab WALKENBACH
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02968\tab CV98-10730\tab HUNT_VER\tab WALKER
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02969\tab CV98-10731\tab LOPEZ_RA\tab WALLACE
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02970\tab CV98-10732\tab BOLTON_D\tab WALLEN
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02972\tab CV98-10733\tab SILBER_R\tab WARD
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02973\tab CV98-10734\tab PERONA_J\tab VAN BREEMEN
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02974\tab CV98-10735\tab CHOULO_V\tab VANDERHEYDEN
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02975\tab CV98-10736\tab PERONA_J\tab VAN STANE
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02976\tab CV98-10737\tab LOPEZ_RA\tab VAREY
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02977\tab CV98-10738\tab ANDREW_A\tab VARGA
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02978\tab CV98-10739\tab ANDREW_A\tab VARGAS
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02979\tab CV98-10740\tab ANDREW_A\tab VASQUEZ
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02980\tab CV98-10741\tab LOPEZ_RA\tab VAUGHAN
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02981\tab CV98-10742\tab ANDREW_A\tab VAUGHAN
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02982\tab CV98-10743\tab BERLIN_M\tab VAUGHN
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02983\tab CV98-10744\tab WHEELE_D\tab VEGAS
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02984\tab CV98-10745\tab SILBER_R\tab VEGE
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02985\tab CV98-10746\tab ANDREW_A\tab VIGNEAU
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02986\tab CV98-10747\tab SILBER_R\tab VITALE
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02987\tab CV98-10748\tab BERLIN_M\tab EUW
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02988\tab CV98-10749\tab \tab DRAK
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02989\tab CV98-10750\tab HAUS_JUL\tab VOSS
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02990\tab CV98-10751\tab ANDREW_A\tab VUICICH
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02991\tab CV98-10752\tab DURHAM_D\tab TREVERTON
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02992\tab CV98-10753\tab FABBRO_S\tab TRUJILLO
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02993\tab CV98-10754\tab MAGANA_B\tab TUCKER
\par \sect }\sectd \lndscpsxn\pgwsxn15840\pghsxn12240\marglsxn864\margrsxn864\margtsxn900\margbsxn864\sbknone\linex0\headery900\footery864\sectdefaultcl \pard\plain \qj\nowidctlpar
\tx-576\tx0\tx450\tx1656\tx2916\tx4086\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360\tx10800\tx11520\adjustright {\f2\fs16 CAS\tab 3:95-02994\tab CV98-10755\tab BARRY_PA\tab TUNNELL
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02995\tab CV98-10756\tab ANDREW_A\tab TURCO
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02996\tab CV98-10757\tab ANDREW_A\tab FABER
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02997\tab CV98-10758\tab SILBER_R\tab TYLER
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02998\tab CV98-10759\tab HUNT_VER\tab UHLIG
\par CAS\tab 3:95-02999\tab CV98-10760\tab SILBER_R\tab ULVAN
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03000\tab CV98-10761\tab SILBER_R\tab UNDERWOOD
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03001\tab CV98-10762\tab SILBER_R\tab UNGARO
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03002\tab CV98-10763\tab WHITE_AL\tab VALENTINE
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03003\tab CV98-10764\tab LOPEZ_RA\tab VALLAS
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03004\tab CV98-10765\tab SILBER_R\tab VALLEROY
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03005\tab CV98-10766\tab SILBER_R\tab TITCOMB
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03006\tab CV98-10767\tab PORTUG_N\tab TITUS
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03007\tab CV98-10768\tab HERSCH_L\tab TOBIN
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03008\tab CV98-10769\tab SILBER_R\tab TOBIN
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03009\tab CV98-10770\tab ANDREW_A\tab TOMAIKO
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03010\tab CV98-10771\tab LICCAR_S\tab TOMPKINS
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03011\tab CV98-10772\tab ANDREW_A\tab TONEY
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03012\tab CV98-10773\tab YATES_GR\tab TONI
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03013\tab CV98-10774\tab LOPEZ_RA\tab TOOGOOD
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03014\tab CV98-10775\tab GAGE_BRA\tab TOOTHMAN
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03015\tab CV98-10776\tab SILBER_R\tab TORREZ
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03016\tab CV98-10777\tab SILBER_R\tab TRAER
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03017\tab CV98-10778\tab LICCAR_S\tab TRAPP
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03018\tab CV98-10779\tab DUNN_JOS\tab TRAVERS
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03019\tab CV98-10780\tab PERONA_J\tab TRINH
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03020\tab CV98-10781\tab HOOSER_E\tab TREMAIN
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03021\tab CV98-10782\tab LOUDER_C\tab TATUM
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03022\tab CV98-10783\tab LOUDER_C\tab TAVARES
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03023\tab CV98-10784\tab WRIGH_CE\tab TAVIS
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03024\tab CV98-10785\tab FABBRO_S\tab TAYLOR
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03025\tab CV98-10786\tab JENKIN_C\tab TAYLOR
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03026\tab CV98-10787\tab BERLIN_M\tab TAYLOR
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03027\tab CV98-10788\tab HUNT_VER\tab TEEL
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03028\tab CV98-10789\tab BERLIN_M\tab TEJEDA
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03029\tab CV98-10790\tab PORTUG_N\tab TERES
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03030\tab CV98-10791\tab SILBER_R\tab TERRY
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03031\tab CV98-10792\tab LOPEZ_RA\tab THIESEN
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03032\tab CV98-10793\tab ANDREW_A\tab THOMAS
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03033\tab CV98-10794\tab LOPEZ_RA\tab THOMAS
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03034\tab CV98-10795\tab ANDREW_A\tab THOMAS
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03035\tab CV98-10796\tab BRUSAV_B\tab THOMAS
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03036\tab CV98-10797\tab BENNIO_D\tab LINDA THOMPSON
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03037\tab CV98-10798\tab ANDREW_A\tab THOMPSON
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03038\tab CV98-10799\tab HOWART_D\tab THON
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03039\tab CV98-10800\tab LOPEZ_RA\tab THORN
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03040\tab CV98-10801\tab ANDREW_A\tab THREATT
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03041\tab CV98-10802\tab SILBER_R\tab TIEMAN
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03042\tab CV98-10803\tab SILBER_R\tab TILLMAN
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03043\tab CV98-10804\tab SILBER_R\tab TINDER
\par \sect }\sectd \lndscpsxn\pgwsxn15840\pghsxn12240\marglsxn864\margrsxn864\margtsxn900\margbsxn864\sbknone\linex0\headery900\footery864\sectdefaultcl \pard\plain \qj\nowidctlpar
\tx-576\tx0\tx450\tx1656\tx2916\tx4086\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360\tx10800\tx11520\adjustright {\f2\fs16 CAS\tab 3:95-03044\tab CV98-10805\tab SILBER_R\tab SILBERBERG
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03045\tab CV98-10806\tab LOPEZ_RA\tab SIMONS
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03046\tab CV98-10807\tab ANDREW_A\tab SINGSTOCK
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03047\tab CV98-10808\tab ANDREW_A\tab SIMPSON
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03048\tab CV98-10809\tab LOPEZ_RA\tab SIU
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03049\tab CV98-10810\tab BERLIN_M\tab SKEITH
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03050\tab CV98-10811\tab MCHUGH_C\tab SLATER
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03051\tab CV98-10812\tab SLAVIT_S\tab SLAVITT
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03052\tab CV98-10813\tab SILBER_R\tab SMIGIEL
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03053\tab CV98-10814\tab DALEY_WI\tab SMITH
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03054\tab CV98-10815\tab ANDREW_A\tab SLOTKE
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03055\tab CV98-10816\tab GAGE_BRA\tab SENA
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03056\tab CV98-10817\tab LOPEZ_RA\tab SHAN
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03057\tab CV98-10818\tab HUNT_VER\tab SHARP
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03058\tab CV98-10819\tab LOPEZ_RA\tab SHARP
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03059\tab CV98-10820\tab HUNT_VER\tab SHAW
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03060\tab CV98-10821\tab SILBER_R\tab SHEPHERD
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03061\tab CV98-10822\tab ANDREW_A\tab SHERIDAN
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03062\tab CV98-10823\tab HUNT_VER\tab SHERRILL
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03063\tab CV98-10824\tab DOUGHE_W\tab SHEVCHOOK
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03064\tab CV98-10825\tab ANDREW_A\tab SHIMLER
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03065\tab CV98-10826\tab SILBER_R\tab SHIPE
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03066\tab CV98-10827\tab LOUDER_C\tab SHORT
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03067\tab CV98-10828\tab PORTUG_N\tab SIGALOV
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03068\tab CV98-10829\tab LICCAR_S\tab SUMMERS
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03069\tab CV98-10830\tab LOUDER_C\tab SURFACE
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03070\tab CV98-10831\tab LOUDER_C\tab SUTTON
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03071\tab CV98-10832\tab AGNEW_GE\tab SUTTON
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03072\tab CV98-10833\tab LOUDER_C\tab SWIETEK
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03073\tab CV98-10834\tab SILBER_R\tab SWIGART
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03074\tab CV98-10835\tab ANDREW_A\tab SYLVESTER
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03075\tab CV98-10836\tab SILBER_R\tab SZALAY
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03076\tab CV98-10837\tab SILBER_R\tab TABAKOV
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03077\tab CV98-10838\tab ANDREW_A\tab TAFT
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03078\tab CV98-10839\tab SILBER_R\tab TAGLIATELA
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03079\tab CV98-10840\tab SILBER_R\tab TALAOC
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03080\tab CV98-10841\tab BRUSAV_B\tab SYLVIA
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03081\tab CV98-10842\tab BENNIO_D\tab TARA
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03082\tab CV98-10843\tab BRUSAV_B\tab TARUMOTO
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03083\tab CV98-10844\tab PAUL_GAR\tab TASSONE
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03084\tab CV98-10845\tab FABBRO_S\tab STEVENS
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03085\tab CV98-10846\tab ANDREW_A\tab STEVENS
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03086\tab CV98-10847\tab LOPEZ_RA\tab STEVENS
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03087\tab CV98-10848\tab SILBER_R\tab STEVENS-WITCHEY
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03088\tab CV98-10849\tab STEWA_C*\tab STEWART
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03089\tab CV98-10850\tab ANDREW_A\tab STEWART
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03090\tab CV98-10851\tab LOPEZ_RA\tab STEWART
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03091\tab CV98-10852\tab ROBINS_M\tab STEWART
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03092\tab CV98-10853\tab ANDREW_A\tab STILLS
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03093\tab CV98-10854\tab HUNT_VER\tab STINE
\par \sect }\sectd \lndscpsxn\pgwsxn15840\pghsxn12240\marglsxn864\margrsxn864\margtsxn900\margbsxn864\sbknone\linex0\headery900\footery864\sectdefaultcl \pard\plain \qj\nowidctlpar
\tx-576\tx0\tx450\tx1656\tx2916\tx4086\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360\tx10800\tx11520\adjustright {\f2\fs16 CAS\tab 3:95-03095\tab CV98-10855\tab PAUL_GAR\tab STOLOFF-ZAMORA
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03096\tab CV98-10856\tab SILBER_R\tab STORY
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03097\tab CV98-10857\tab BRUSAV_B\tab STOUFFER
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03098\tab CV98-10858\tab SILBER_R\tab STRINGER
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03099\tab CV98-10859\tab SILBER_R\tab STRONG
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03100\tab CV98-10860\tab SILBER_R\tab STROUD
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03101\tab CV98-10861\tab GIRARD_T\tab STUEVE
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03102\tab CV98-10862\tab ANDREW_A\tab STULTS
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03104\tab CV98-10863\tab SILBER_R\tab STUPKE
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03105\tab CV98-10864\tab LICCAR_S\tab STURGES
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03106\tab CV98-10865\tab SILBER_R\tab SUGAR
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03107\tab CV98-10866\tab ANDREW_A\tab SUGART
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03108\tab CV98-10867\tab HUNT_VER\tab WARGNIER
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03109\tab CV98-10868\tab GAGE_BRA\tab WARKEN
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03111\tab CV98-10869\tab SILBER_R\tab WARREN
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03112\tab CV98-10870\tab LOPEZ_RA\tab WARSCHAW
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03113\tab CV98-10871\tab SILBER_R\tab WARSCHAW
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03114\tab CV98-10872\tab SILBER_R\tab WASSON
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03115\tab CV98-10873\tab LOPEZ_RA\tab WATERS
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03116\tab CV98-10874\tab SILBER_R\tab WATKINS
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03117\tab CV98-10875\tab SILBER_R\tab WAXMAN
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03118\tab CV98-10876\tab STOLI_EL\tab WEATHERFORD
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03119\tab CV98-10877\tab LICCAR_S\tab WEATHERHOLT
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03120\tab CV98-10878\tab ANDREW_A\tab WEBB
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03121\tab CV98-10879\tab FABBRO_S\tab WEBB
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03122\tab CV98-10880\tab ANDREW_A\tab WEGER
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03123\tab CV98-10881\tab LOPEZ_RA\tab WEHMEYER
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03124\tab CV98-10882\tab ANDREW_A\tab WEIGH
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03125\tab CV98-10883\tab SILBER_R\tab WELLS
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03126\tab CV98-10884\tab ALLIS_NI\tab WATSON
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03127\tab CV98-10885\tab ANDREW_A\tab WELLS
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03128\tab CV98-10886\tab ANDREW_A\tab WERNER
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03129\tab CV98-10887\tab ANDREW_A\tab WESTIN
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03130\tab CV98-10888\tab ANDREW_A\tab WHALEY
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03131\tab CV98-10889\tab SILBER_R\tab WHEELER
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03132\tab CV98-10890\tab LICCAR_S\tab WHEELER
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03133\tab CV98-10891\tab THOMA_WE\tab WHEELER
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03134\tab CV98-10892\tab SILBER_R\tab WHISANT
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03135\tab CV98-10893\tab WHITE_GA\tab WHITE
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03136\tab CV98-10894\tab ANDREW_A\tab WHITE
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03137\tab CV98-10895\tab ANDERS_T\tab WHITE
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03138\tab CV98-10896\tab THOMA_WE\tab WHITNEY
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03139\tab CV98-10897\tab LICCAR_S\tab WIKE
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03140\tab CV98-10898\tab SILBER_R\tab WILDER
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03141\tab CV98-10899\tab LICCAR_S\tab WILFERT
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03142\tab CV98-10900\tab ANDREW_A\tab WILHITE
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03143\tab CV98-10901\tab BRUSAV_B\tab WILKEY
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03144\tab CV98-10902\tab ANDREW_A\tab WILKINS
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03145\tab CV98-10903\tab LOPEZ_RA\tab WILLARD
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03146\tab CV98-10904\tab SILBER_R\tab WILLIAMS
\par \sect }\sectd \lndscpsxn\pgwsxn15840\pghsxn12240\marglsxn864\margrsxn864\margtsxn900\margbsxn864\sbknone\linex0\headery900\footery864\sectdefaultcl \pard\plain \qj\nowidctlpar
\tx-576\tx0\tx450\tx1656\tx2916\tx4086\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360\tx10800\tx11520\adjustright {\f2\fs16 CAS\tab 3:95-03147\tab CV98-10905\tab SILBER_R\tab WILLIAMS
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03148\tab CV98-10906\tab WILLI_PA\tab WILLIAMS
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03149\tab CV98-10907\tab SILBER_R\tab WILLIAMS
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03150\tab CV98-10908\tab BOLTON_D\tab WILSON
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03151\tab CV98-10909\tab SILBER_R\tab WILSON
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03152\tab CV98-10910\tab SILBER_R\tab PETERSON
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03153\tab CV98-10911\tab ANDREW_A\tab WINANS
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03154\tab CV98-10912\tab LOPEZ_RA\tab WINN
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03155\tab CV98-10913\tab LOPEZ_RA\tab WINNINGHAM
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03156\tab CV98-10914\tab ANDREW_A\tab WINTERS
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03157\tab CV98-10915\tab FABBRO_S\tab WIRE
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03158\tab CV98-10916\tab GAGE_BRA\tab WIRT
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03159\tab CV98-10917\tab FABBRO_S\tab WISE
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03167\tab CV98-10918\tab ANDERS_A\tab WITTMAN
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03168\tab CV98-10919\tab SILBER_R\tab WOHL
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03169\tab CV98-10920\tab SILBER_R\tab WOLEN
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03170\tab CV98-10921\tab SILBER_R\tab WOLF
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03171\tab CV98-10922\tab ANDREW_A\tab WOLFSBERGER
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03172\tab CV98-10923\tab PORTUG_N\tab WOLFSON
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03173\tab CV98-10924\tab LOPEZ_RA\tab WONG
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03174\tab CV98-10925\tab SILBER_R\tab WOOD
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03175\tab CV98-10926\tab FABBRO_S\tab WOOD
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03176\tab CV98-10927\tab FABBRO_S\tab WOOD
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03177\tab CV98-10928\tab SILBER_R\tab WOODHAM
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03178\tab CV98-10929\tab SILBER_R\tab WOOLRIDGE
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03179\tab CV98-10930\tab ANDREW_A\tab WORK
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03180\tab CV98-10931\tab ROBINS_M\tab WRIGHT
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03181\tab CV98-10932\tab ANDREW_A\tab WYATT
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03182\tab CV98-10933\tab SILBER_R\tab WYNN
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03183\tab CV98-10934\tab LICCAR_S\tab WYNN
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03184\tab CV98-10935\tab SILBER_R\tab YARBOUGH
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03185\tab CV98-10936\tab SILBER_R\tab YARHAM
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03186\tab CV98-10937\tab HUNT_VER\tab YASSAI
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03187\tab CV98-10938\tab LOPEZ_RA\tab YI
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03188\tab CV98-10939\tab SILBER_R\tab YOHN
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03189\tab CV98-10940\tab LOUDER_C\tab YOUNG
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03190\tab CV98-10941\tab LOPEZ_RA\tab YOUNG
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03191\tab CV98-10942\tab ANDREW_A\tab YOUNG
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03192\tab CV98-10943\tab BENNIO_D\tab YOUNG
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03193\tab CV98-10944\tab ANDREW_A\tab YOUNG
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03194\tab CV98-10945\tab HUNT_VER\tab YOUNGFELLOW
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03195\tab CV98-10946\tab EGGLES_S\tab YOUSSEFIRAD
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03196\tab CV98-10947\tab SILBER_R\tab ZAHN
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03197\tab CV98-10948\tab ALLIS_NI\tab ZAMBRANO
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03198\tab CV98-10949\tab SILBER_R\tab SMITH
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03199\tab CV98-10950\tab RIGHTH_S\tab SMITH
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03200\tab CV98-10951\tab ANDREW_A\tab SMITH
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03201\tab CV98-10952\tab SILBER_R\tab SMITH
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03202\tab CV98-10953\tab SILBER_R\tab SNIDER
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03203\tab CV98-10954\tab ANDREW_A\tab SOLIS
\par \sect }\sectd \lndscpsxn\pgwsxn15840\pghsxn12240\marglsxn864\margrsxn864\margtsxn900\margbsxn864\sbknone\linex0\headery900\footery864\sectdefaultcl \pard\plain \qj\nowidctlpar
\tx-576\tx0\tx450\tx1656\tx2916\tx4086\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360\tx10800\tx11520\adjustright {\f2\fs16 CAS\tab 3:95-03204\tab CV98-10955\tab BROWN_WJ\tab SOLOMON
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03205\tab CV98-10956\tab SILBER_R\tab SOUNDERS
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03206\tab CV98-10957\tab WESTEL_A\tab SOUTHWICK
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03207\tab CV98-10958\tab SILBER_R\tab SOUTHWICK
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03208\tab CV98-10959\tab ANDREW_A\tab SPARGER
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03209\tab CV98-10960\tab SILBER_R\tab SPARKS
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03210\tab CV98-10961\tab ANDREW_A\tab SPEERT
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03211\tab CV98-10962\tab SILBER_R\tab SPENCER
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03212\tab CV98-10963\tab PERONA_J\tab SPITZ
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03213\tab CV98-10964\tab SILBER_R\tab SPORER-ALOSIO
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03214\tab CV98-10965\tab SILBER_R\tab SPRINGER
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03215\tab CV98-10966\tab BRUSAV_B\tab STACK
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03216\tab CV98-10967\tab ANDREW_A\tab STAPLETON
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03219\tab CV98-10968\tab PAUL_GAR\tab STELMARK
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03220\tab CV98-10969\tab LOUDER_C\tab STERLING
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03221\tab CV98-10970\tab SILBER_R\tab HOPE
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03222\tab CV98-10971\tab BENNIO_D\tab HOPKINS
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03223\tab CV98-10972\tab PERONA_J\tab HORN
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03224\tab CV98-10973\tab SILBER_R\tab HOSKISON
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03225\tab CV98-10974\tab HOWART_D\tab __
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03226\tab CV98-10975\tab PERONA_J\tab __
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03229\tab CV98-10976\tab SILBER_R\tab __
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03230\tab CV98-10977\tab ANDER_GR\tab JACOBS
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03231\tab CV98-10978\tab CASEY_DA\tab JACOBS
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03233\tab CV98-10979\tab LOUDER_C\tab JACOBS
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03234\tab CV98-10980\tab SILBER_R\tab JANKEL
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03235\tab CV98-10981\tab ANDREW_A\tab JORGE
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03236\tab CV98-10982\tab ALBERT_A\tab JUSTUS
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03237\tab CV98-10983\tab ANDREW_A\tab JORDAN
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03238\tab CV98-10984\tab GIRARD_T\tab JONES
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03239\tab CV98-10985\tab SILBER_R\tab JONASEN
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03240\tab CV98-10986\tab PORTUG_N\tab JOHNSTON
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03241\tab CV98-10987\tab SILBER_R\tab JOHNSON
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03242\tab CV98-10988\tab SILBER_R\tab JOHNSON
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03243\tab CV98-10989\tab SILBER_R\tab JOHNSON
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03244\tab CV98-10990\tab BOLTON_D\tab JOHNSON
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03245\tab CV98-10991\tab ANDREW_A\tab JOHNSON
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03246\tab CV98-10992\tab DALEY_WI\tab JOHNSON
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03247\tab CV98-10993\tab SILBER_R\tab JOHNSON
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03249\tab CV98-10994\tab ANDREW_A\tab JENCKS
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03250\tab CV98-10995\tab ANDREW_A\tab JARAMILLO
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03251\tab CV98-10996\tab ANDREW_A\tab JANN
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03252\tab CV98-10997\tab SILBER_R\tab KIM
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03253\tab CV98-10998\tab THOMA_WE\tab KILTY-UTROSKE
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03254\tab CV98-10999\tab SILBER_R\tab KHOURY
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03255\tab CV98-11000\tab LOPEZ_RA\tab KEYFAUVER
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03256\tab CV98-11001\tab ROBINS_M\tab KERSHAW
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03257\tab CV98-11002\tab DOUGHE_W\tab KERNESS
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03258\tab CV98-11003\tab SILBER_R\tab KEPFORD
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03259\tab CV98-11004\tab SILBER_R\tab KELLEM
\par \sect }\sectd \lndscpsxn\pgwsxn15840\pghsxn12240\marglsxn864\margrsxn864\margtsxn900\margbsxn864\sbknone\linex0\headery900\footery864\sectdefaultcl \pard\plain \qj\nowidctlpar
\tx-576\tx0\tx450\tx1656\tx2916\tx4086\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360\tx10800\tx11520\adjustright {\f2\fs16 CAS\tab 3:95-03260\tab CV98-11005\tab DURHAM_D\tab KEKKI
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03261\tab CV98-11006\tab LOPEZ_RA\tab KEELAN
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03262\tab CV98-11007\tab ANDREW_A\tab KEARLEY
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03263\tab CV98-11008\tab BERLIN_M\tab KAYNE
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03264\tab CV98-11009\tab LOUDER_C\tab KAYE
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03265\tab CV98-11010\tab SILBER_R\tab KAUFFMAN
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03266\tab CV98-11011\tab SILBER_R\tab KASTLE
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03267\tab CV98-11012\tab PAUL_GAR\tab KASS-ANNESE
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03268\tab CV98-11013\tab ANDREW_A\tab KARAGOZIAN
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03270\tab CV98-11014\tab ANDREW_A\tab KAHN
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03271\tab CV98-11015\tab ANDREW_A\tab KAERCHER
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03272\tab CV98-11016\tab LICCAR_S\tab HALL
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03273\tab CV98-11017\tab PAUL_GAR\tab HALL
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03274\tab CV98-11018\tab LOPEZ_RA\tab HALPER
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03276\tab CV98-11020\tab SILBER_R\tab HAMILTON
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03277\tab CV98-11021\tab SILBER_R\tab HAMMOND
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03278\tab CV98-11022\tab SILBER_R\tab HAMPTON
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03279\tab CV98-11023\tab FABBRO_S\tab HANNA
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03280\tab CV98-11024\tab SILBER_R\tab HANS
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03281\tab CV98-11025\tab FABBRO_S\tab HARLAND
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03282\tab CV98-11026\tab ANDREW_A\tab HARSTON
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03283\tab CV98-11027\tab BERLIN_M\tab HART
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03284\tab CV98-11028\tab SILBER_R\tab HARTLAND
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03286\tab CV98-11029\tab LOPEZ_RA\tab HASSAN
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03287\tab CV98-11030\tab SILBER_R\tab HARTNETT
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03289\tab CV98-11031\tab PORTUG_N\tab HATFIELD
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03290\tab CV98-11032\tab SILBER_R\tab HAYNES-THOMAS
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03291\tab CV98-11033\tab ANDREW_A\tab HECK
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03292\tab CV98-11034\tab ANDERS_T\tab HELLMICH
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03293\tab CV98-11035\tab ANDREW_A\tab HENDRICKS
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03294\tab CV98-11036\tab ANDREW_A\tab HENNESSEE
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03295\tab CV98-11037\tab ANDREW_A\tab HENSCH
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03296\tab CV98-11038\tab THOMA_WE\tab HENSLEE
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03297\tab CV98-11039\tab ANDREW_A\tab HERMAN
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03298\tab CV98-11040\tab ANDREW_A\tab HERNANDEZ
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03299\tab CV98-11041\tab LOPEZ_RA\tab HIBBEN
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03300\tab CV98-11042\tab WESTEL_A\tab HIBBEN
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03301\tab CV98-11043\tab DOBRIN_L\tab HICKS
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03302\tab CV98-11044\tab PERONA_J\tab HILTMAN
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03303\tab CV98-11045\tab GAGE_BRA\tab HINDS
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03304\tab CV98-11046\tab BRUSAV_B\tab HINSON
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03305\tab CV98-11047\tab WOHL_ALV\tab HIRSHBERG
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03306\tab CV98-11048\tab GAGE_BRA\tab HOCKMAN
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03307\tab CV98-11049\tab ANDREW_A\tab HOE
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03308\tab CV98-11050\tab PERONA_J\tab HOFFMAN
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03309\tab CV98-11051\tab ISLES_RO\tab HOGAN
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03313\tab CV98-11052\tab MEYERS_M\tab NORRIS
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03314\tab CV98-11053\tab SILBER_R\tab NORRIS
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03315\tab CV98-11054\tab ANDREW_A\tab NORMAN
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03316\tab CV98-11055\tab SILBER_R\tab NORDLUND
\par \sect }\sectd \lndscpsxn\pgwsxn15840\pghsxn12240\marglsxn864\margrsxn864\margtsxn900\margbsxn864\sbknone\linex0\headery900\footery864\sectdefaultcl \pard\plain \qj\nowidctlpar
\tx-576\tx0\tx450\tx1656\tx2916\tx4086\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360\tx10800\tx11520\adjustright {\f2\fs16 CAS\tab 3:95-03317\tab CV98-11056\tab SILBER_R\tab NOEL
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03318\tab CV98-11057\tab SILBER_R\tab NOBER
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03319\tab CV98-11058\tab PERONA_J\tab NINNIS
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03320\tab CV98-11059\tab ANDREW_A\tab NIMMO
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03321\tab CV98-11060\tab LOUDER_C\tab NIGLIO
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03322\tab CV98-11061\tab PERONA_J\tab JEAN
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03323\tab CV98-11062\tab PAUL_GAR\tab NICHOLS
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03324\tab CV98-11063\tab PLAVNI_G\tab NEYMAN
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03325\tab CV98-11064\tab ALLIS_NI\tab NEWTON
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03326\tab CV98-11065\tab ALLIS_NI\tab NEWMAN
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03327\tab CV98-11066\tab PERONA_J\tab NEWMAN
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03328\tab CV98-11067\tab LOPEZ_RA\tab POUCHER-BRAY
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03329\tab CV98-11068\tab DALEY_WI\tab PRESLEY
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03330\tab CV98-11069\tab SILBER_R\tab PRESTON
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03331\tab CV98-11070\tab ANDREW_A\tab PRICE
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03332\tab CV98-11071\tab HOOSER_E\tab PRIESING
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03333\tab CV98-11072\tab ANDREW_A\tab PRINCE
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03334\tab CV98-11073\tab BURCHE_B\tab PRITCHARD
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03335\tab CV98-11074\tab GAGE_BRA\tab PROUD
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03336\tab CV98-11075\tab SILBER_R\tab QUARRY
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03337\tab CV98-11076\tab LOPEZ_RA\tab QUIGLEY
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03338\tab CV98-11077\tab SILBER_R\tab RADER
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03339\tab CV98-11078\tab SILBER_R\tab RAIN
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03340\tab CV98-11079\tab SILBER_R\tab RAMSEY
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03341\tab CV98-11080\tab HUNT_VER\tab RANDOLPH
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03342\tab CV98-11081\tab CRAWFO_M\tab RANDAZZO
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03343\tab CV98-11082\tab ANDREW_A\tab PAUL
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03344\tab CV98-11083\tab LOPEZ_RA\tab PAULSON
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03345\tab CV98-11084\tab SILBER_R\tab PAYNE
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03346\tab CV98-11085\tab SILBER_R\tab PEDERSON
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03347\tab CV98-11086\tab SILBER_R\tab PEHNEC
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03348\tab CV98-11087\tab PAUL_GAR\tab PEISNER
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03349\tab CV98-11088\tab SILBER_R\tab PENNINGTON
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03350\tab CV98-11089\tab SILBER_R\tab PERRY
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03351\tab CV98-11090\tab ANDREW_A\tab PESCI
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03352\tab CV98-11091\tab SILBER_R\tab PETERSON
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03353\tab CV98-11092\tab ANDREW_A\tab PETERSON
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03354\tab CV98-11093\tab ANDREW_A\tab PETRALIA
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03355\tab CV98-11094\tab SILBER_R\tab PHILLIPS
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03356\tab CV98-11095\tab LICCAR_S\tab PIGNON
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03357\tab CV98-11096\tab BERLIN_M\tab PIPER
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03358\tab CV98-11097\tab ANDERS_T\tab PISCITELLI
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03359\tab CV98-11098\tab SILBER_R\tab PLUM
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03360\tab CV98-11099\tab LICCAR_S\tab POE
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03361\tab CV98-11100\tab SILBER_R\tab POLZIN
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03362\tab CV98-11101\tab KRAMER_B\tab PORR
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03363\tab CV98-11102\tab LOPEZ_RA\tab PORTER
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03364\tab CV98-11103\tab SILBER_R\tab POSEY
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03365\tab CV98-11104\tab CARCIO_J\tab POSNER
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03366\tab CV98-11105\tab SILBER_R\tab ORDONE
\par \sect }\sectd \lndscpsxn\pgwsxn15840\pghsxn12240\marglsxn864\margrsxn864\margtsxn900\margbsxn864\sbknone\linex0\headery900\footery864\sectdefaultcl \pard\plain \qj\nowidctlpar
\tx-576\tx0\tx450\tx1656\tx2916\tx4086\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360\tx10800\tx11520\adjustright {\f2\fs16 CAS\tab 3:95-03367\tab CV98-11106\tab ROBINS_M\tab O'REGAN
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03368\tab CV98-11107\tab AGNEW_GE\tab NOSEWORTHY
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03369\tab CV98-11108\tab LOPEZ_RA\tab NOURANI
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03370\tab CV98-11109\tab LOUDER_C\tab NUNNALY
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03371\tab CV98-11110\tab ROBINS_M\tab NOWAK
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03372\tab CV98-11111\tab CASEY_DA\tab NOYES
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03373\tab CV98-11112\tab PERONA_J\tab NYSETH
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03374\tab CV98-11113\tab LICCAR_S\tab O'BRIEN
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03375\tab CV98-11114\tab SILBER_R\tab O'CONNER
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03376\tab CV98-11115\tab LOPEZ_RA\tab OGLESBY
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03377\tab CV98-11116\tab BENNIO_D\tab O'HEARN
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03378\tab CV98-11117\tab ANDREW_A\tab OLSON
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03379\tab CV98-11118\tab LOPEZ_RA\tab OLSON
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03380\tab CV98-11119\tab BERLIN_M\tab OPFERGELT
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03381\tab CV98-11120\tab LOPEZ_RA\tab OROZCO
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03382\tab CV98-11121\tab LOPEZ_RA\tab OSSENBERG
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03383\tab CV98-11122\tab SILBER_R\tab OWENS
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03384\tab CV98-11123\tab LOUDER_C\tab P.
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03385\tab CV98-11124\tab DRUMMY_S\tab PAGE
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03386\tab CV98-11125\tab ANDREW_A\tab PALMER
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03387\tab CV98-11126\tab SILBER_R\tab PALMER
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03388\tab CV98-11127\tab SILBER_R\tab PAPA
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03389\tab CV98-11128\tab \tab PARKER
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03390\tab CV98-11129\tab GAGE_BRA\tab PARKER
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03391\tab CV98-11130\tab ANDREW_A\tab PATRONI
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03392\tab CV98-11131\tab ANDREW_A\tab PAUL
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03393\tab CV98-11132\tab ANDREW_A\tab CONTI
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03394\tab CV98-11133\tab ANDREW_A\tab CONWAY
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03395\tab CV98-11134\tab BOZMAN_B\tab COOK
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03396\tab CV98-11135\tab GAGE_BRA\tab COPELAND
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03397\tab CV98-11136\tab SILBER_R\tab CORDES
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03398\tab CV98-11137\tab BOLTON_D\tab CORONEL
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03399\tab CV98-11138\tab OBRIEN_B\tab CORWIN
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03400\tab CV98-11139\tab ANDREW_A\tab CORY
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03401\tab CV98-11140\tab STOLI_EL\tab COUSINS
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03402\tab CV98-11141\tab ANDREW_A\tab COVELLO
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03403\tab CV98-11142\tab SILBER_R\tab COWLEY
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03404\tab CV98-11143\tab ANDREW_A\tab COZBY
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03405\tab CV98-11144\tab SILBER_R\tab CRAIG
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03406\tab CV98-11145\tab SILBER_R\tab CRAMER
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03407\tab CV98-11146\tab SILBER_R\tab CRANSHAW
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03408\tab CV98-11147\tab SILBER_R\tab CROGG
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03409\tab CV98-11148\tab LOPEZ_RA\tab CROW
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03410\tab CV98-11149\tab ANDREW_A\tab CROWELL
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03411\tab CV98-11150\tab PERONA_J\tab CROWLEY
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03412\tab CV98-11151\tab ANDREW_A\tab CUPPLES
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03413\tab CV98-11152\tab SILBER_R\tab CUTLER
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03414\tab CV98-11153\tab PERONA_J\tab DADGAR
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03415\tab CV98-11154\tab SILBER_R\tab DAVENPORT
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03416\tab CV98-11155\tab PARHAM_M\tab DAVI
\par \sect }\sectd \lndscpsxn\pgwsxn15840\pghsxn12240\marglsxn864\margrsxn864\margtsxn900\margbsxn864\sbknone\linex0\headery900\footery864\sectdefaultcl \pard\plain \qj\nowidctlpar
\tx-576\tx0\tx450\tx1656\tx2916\tx4086\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360\tx10800\tx11520\adjustright {\f2\fs16 CAS\tab 3:95-03417\tab CV98-11156\tab SILBER_R\tab DAVIS
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03418\tab CV98-11157\tab BURCHE_B\tab DAVIS
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03419\tab CV98-11158\tab SILBER_R\tab DAVIS
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03420\tab CV98-11159\tab DAVISO_S\tab DAVIDSON
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03421\tab CV98-11160\tab LICCAR_S\tab DAY
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03422\tab CV98-11161\tab HUNT_VER\tab DECANT
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03423\tab CV98-11162\tab ANDREW_A\tab DEGREGORIO
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03424\tab CV98-11163\tab ANDREW_A\tab DELAPP
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03425\tab CV98-11164\tab LICCAR_S\tab DEMPSEY
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03426\tab CV98-11165\tab SILBER_R\tab DERGRIGORIAN
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03428\tab CV98-11166\tab SILBER_R\tab DIAZ
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03429\tab CV98-11167\tab ANDREW_A\tab DICKSTEIN
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03430\tab CV98-11168\tab LOPEZ_RA\tab DIERKER
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03431\tab CV98-11169\tab FABBRO_S\tab DIETZ
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03432\tab CV98-11170\tab HUNT_VER\tab DIFIORE
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03433\tab CV98-11171\tab FABBRO_S\tab DOE
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03434\tab CV98-11172\tab SILBER_R\tab DOHRMAN
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03435\tab CV98-11173\tab SABIH_DA\tab DOLL-MAY
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03436\tab CV98-11174\tab BRUSAV_B\tab DONCHIN
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03437\tab CV98-11175\tab BRUSAV_B\tab DOORNBUS
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03438\tab CV98-11176\tab SILBER_R\tab DREW
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03439\tab CV98-11177\tab SILBER_R\tab DRIGGS
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03440\tab CV98-11178\tab SILBER_R\tab DUGGER
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03441\tab CV98-11179\tab SILBER_R\tab DUNLEVIE
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03442\tab CV98-11180\tab STOLI_EL\tab DUNN
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03443\tab CV98-11181\tab DUNBAR_D\tab DUNN
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03444\tab CV98-11182\tab SILBER_R\tab DUNNIGAN
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03445\tab CV98-11183\tab JANOFS_J\tab DURANT
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03446\tab CV98-11184\tab SILBER_R\tab DURRENBURGER
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03447\tab CV98-11185\tab LICCAR_S\tab DYER
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03449\tab CV98-11186\tab LICCAR_S\tab EBINGER
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03450\tab CV98-11187\tab JANOFS_J\tab EDWARDS
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03451\tab CV98-11188\tab ROBINS_M\tab EDWARDS
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03452\tab CV98-11189\tab CHARBO_R\tab EDWARDS
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03453\tab CV98-11190\tab ANDREW_A\tab EICHHORN
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03454\tab CV98-11191\tab DUNBAR_D\tab ELLINGSWORTH
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03455\tab CV98-11192\tab SILBER_R\tab ELLIOT
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03456\tab CV98-11193\tab PERONA_J\tab EMERSON
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03457\tab CV98-11194\tab LOPEZ_RA\tab ERHARD
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03458\tab CV98-11195\tab SILBER_R\tab ESPARAZA
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03459\tab CV98-11196\tab SILBER_R\tab ESTRADA
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03460\tab CV98-11197\tab DALEY_WI\tab EVANS
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03461\tab CV98-11198\tab BRUSAV_B\tab EVANS-HALL
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03462\tab CV98-11199\tab FABBRO_S\tab EVERETT
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03463\tab CV98-11200\tab WESTEL_A\tab EVERETT
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03464\tab CV98-11201\tab ROBINS_M\tab EVERHART
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03465\tab CV98-11202\tab HARNEY_D\tab EVERINGHAM
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03466\tab CV98-11203\tab SILBER_R\tab MAGANA
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03467\tab CV98-11204\tab SILBER_R\tab MALINSKY
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03468\tab CV98-11205\tab SILBER_R\tab MANCHEL
\par \sect }\sectd \lndscpsxn\pgwsxn15840\pghsxn12240\marglsxn864\margrsxn864\margtsxn900\margbsxn864\sbknone\linex0\headery900\footery864\sectdefaultcl \pard\plain \qj\nowidctlpar
\tx-576\tx0\tx450\tx1656\tx2916\tx4086\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360\tx10800\tx11520\adjustright {\f2\fs16 CAS\tab 3:95-03469\tab CV98-11206\tab BERLIN_M\tab MANCINI
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03470\tab CV98-11207\tab ANDREW_A\tab MANIKAS
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03471\tab CV98-11208\tab ANDREW_A\tab MARGULIS
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03472\tab CV98-11209\tab LOPEZ_RA\tab MARINCOVICH
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03473\tab CV98-11210\tab PORTUG_N\tab MARLOWE
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03474\tab CV98-11211\tab SILBER_R\tab MARSH-REBELO
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03475\tab CV98-11212\tab SILBER_R\tab MARSHALL
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03476\tab CV98-11213\tab ANDREW_A\tab MARTIN
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03478\tab CV98-11214\tab SILBER_R\tab MARTINEZ
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03479\tab CV98-11215\tab SILBER_R\tab MARTINEZ
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03480\tab CV98-11216\tab ANDREW_A\tab MASSEY
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03482\tab CV98-11217\tab ANDREW_A\tab MATHENY
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03483\tab CV98-11218\tab SILBER_R\tab MATHIS
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03484\tab CV98-11219\tab SILBER_R\tab MAURER
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03485\tab CV98-11220\tab BELLI_ME\tab MAYES
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03486\tab CV98-11221\tab \tab MCBROOKS
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03487\tab CV98-11222\tab ANDREW_A\tab MCCARON
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03488\tab CV98-11223\tab FELDMA_L\tab MCCARTHY
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03489\tab CV98-11224\tab ANDREW_A\tab MCCOWAN
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03490\tab CV98-11225\tab BROWN_WJ\tab MCDONALD
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03491\tab CV98-11226\tab SILBER_R\tab MCFALL
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03492\tab CV98-11227\tab ANDREW_A\tab MCGHIN
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03493\tab CV98-11228\tab ANDREW_A\tab MCGOUGH
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03494\tab CV98-11229\tab MOLL_KEN\tab MCGOVERN
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03495\tab CV98-11230\tab FABBRO_S\tab MCKILLIP
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03496\tab CV98-11231\tab ANDREW_A\tab MCLEAN
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03497\tab CV98-11232\tab SILBER_R\tab MCMAHON
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03498\tab CV98-11233\tab SILBER_R\tab MCMILLAN
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03499\tab CV98-11234\tab LOPEZ_RA\tab MCNEALY
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03500\tab CV98-11235\tab SILBER_R\tab MCNEILL
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03501\tab CV98-11236\tab ANDREW_A\tab MCQUEENEY
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03502\tab CV98-11237\tab SILBER_R\tab MEADE
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03503\tab CV98-11238\tab SILBER_R\tab MEDINA
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03504\tab CV98-11239\tab SILBER_R\tab YELLIN-MEDNICK
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03505\tab CV98-11240\tab ANDREW_A\tab MEGARGEE
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03506\tab CV98-11241\tab SILBER_R\tab MELER
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03507\tab CV98-11242\tab GAGE_BRA\tab MENDES
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03508\tab CV98-11243\tab ALLIS_NI\tab MESSATZZIA
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03509\tab CV98-11244\tab GAGE_BRA\tab MESSERSCHMIDT
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03510\tab CV98-11245\tab SILBER_R\tab MILROY
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03511\tab CV98-11246\tab SILBER_R\tab MINAMI
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03512\tab CV98-11247\tab LOPEZ_RA\tab MINNA
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03513\tab CV98-11248\tab BRUSAV_B\tab MITCHELL
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03514\tab CV98-11249\tab ANDREW_A\tab MILLER
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03515\tab CV98-11250\tab BRUSAV_B\tab MOERBECK
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03516\tab CV98-11251\tab SILBER_R\tab MOLINA
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03517\tab CV98-11252\tab SILBER_R\tab MOLNAR
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03518\tab CV98-11253\tab SILBER_R\tab MOODY
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03519\tab CV98-11254\tab LICCAR_S\tab MOLLO
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03520\tab CV98-11255\tab ANDREW_A\tab MOON
\par \sect }\sectd \lndscpsxn\pgwsxn15840\pghsxn12240\marglsxn864\margrsxn864\margtsxn900\margbsxn864\sbknone\linex0\headery900\footery864\sectdefaultcl \pard\plain \qj\nowidctlpar
\tx-576\tx0\tx450\tx1656\tx2916\tx4086\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360\tx10800\tx11520\adjustright {\f2\fs16 CAS\tab 3:95-03521\tab CV98-11256\tab SILBER_R\tab MOORE
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03522\tab CV98-11257\tab BERLIN_M\tab MORALES
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03523\tab CV98-11258\tab COLDEN_H\tab MORENO
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03524\tab CV98-11259\tab BRUSAV_B\tab MORGAN
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03525\tab CV98-11260\tab EGGLES_S\tab MORISCH
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03526\tab CV98-11261\tab LOPEZ_RA\tab MORJEAU
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03527\tab CV98-11262\tab SILBER_R\tab MORRIS
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03528\tab CV98-11263\tab SILBER_R\tab MORRIS
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03530\tab CV98-11264\tab LOPEZ_RA\tab MURPHY
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03531\tab CV98-11265\tab LOPEZ_RA\tab MYERS
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03532\tab CV98-11266\tab AGNEW_GE\tab NAEOLE
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03533\tab CV98-11267\tab ANNAND_M\tab NAPOLES
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03534\tab CV98-11268\tab PORTUG_N\tab NARANJO
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03535\tab CV98-11269\tab LOPEZ_RA\tab NATALE
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03537\tab CV98-11270\tab LOPEZ_RA\tab NECKEL
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03538\tab CV98-11271\tab FABBRO_S\tab NEILSON
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03539\tab CV98-11272\tab WESTEL_A\tab NELSON
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03540\tab CV98-11273\tab CHEONG_S\tab NELSON
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03541\tab CV98-11274\tab LOPEZ_RA\tab NESBY
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03568\tab CV98-11275\tab LICCAR_S\tab STENSAAS
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03569\tab CV98-11276\tab ANDREW_A\tab HUSTON
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03570\tab CV98-11277\tab GUINN_SU\tab DESTICHE
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03578\tab CV98-11278\tab ANDERS_T\tab WALTON
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03582\tab CV98-11279\tab SILBER_R\tab MILLER
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03585\tab CV98-11280\tab LOPEZ_RA\tab MILLER
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03599\tab CV98-11281\tab LOPEZ_RA\tab JAMISON
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03656\tab CV98-11282\tab SILBER_R\tab MESSING
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03657\tab CV98-11283\tab SILBER_R\tab MEYER
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03658\tab CV98-11284\tab SILBER_R\tab MILLS
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03659\tab CV98-11285\tab ANDREW_A\tab MILLER
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03660\tab CV98-11286\tab SILBER_R\tab MORRISON
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03663\tab CV98-11287\tab ALLIS_NI\tab MITCHELL
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03664\tab CV98-11288\tab SILBER_R\tab MILNER
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03672\tab CV98-11289\tab ANDREW_A\tab MEYERS
\par CAS\tab 3:95-03680\tab CV98-11290\tab FABBRO_S\tab MILLER
\par CAS\tab 3:96-01943\tab CV97-10072\tab BARRY_PA\tab LEWIS
\par CAS\tab 3:97-00646\tab CV97-10475\tab LOPEZ_RA\tab MOSHER
\par CAS\tab 3:97-00647\tab CV97-10476\tab LOPEZ_RA\tab ADAMS
\par CAS\tab 3:97-00691\tab CV97-11353\tab LOPEZ_RA\tab MUKAI
\par CAS\tab 3:97-00692\tab CV97-10604\tab LOPEZ_RA\tab VANARSDALL
\par CAS\tab 3:97-00693\tab CV97-10605\tab LOPEZ_RA\tab SLOTEMAKER
\par CAS\tab 3:97-00936\tab CV97-10717\tab LOPEZ_RA\tab MEURLOT
\par CAS\tab 3:97-01453\tab CV98-10058\tab LOPEZ_RA\tab GILBREATH
\par CAS\tab 3:97-01454\tab CV97-12114\tab LOPEZ_RA\tab JUAREZ
\par CAS\tab 3:97-01552\tab CV97-11231\tab CANNON_R\tab PHARES
\par CAS\tab 3:97-01857\tab CV97-11854\tab BENNIO_D\tab PETROSINE
\par CAS\tab 3:97-01912\tab CV97-12115\tab LOPEZ_RA\tab BRUNICARDI
\par CAS\tab 3:97-01941\tab CV97-12116\tab HERSCH_L\tab LEETE
\par CAS\tab 3:97-01943\tab CV97-12117\tab HERSCH_L\tab DONOVAN
\par CAS\tab 3:97-02046\tab CV98-10060\tab EGGLES_S\tab MORRIS
\par \sect }\sectd \lndscpsxn\pgwsxn15840\pghsxn12240\marglsxn864\margrsxn864\margtsxn900\margbsxn864\sbknone\linex0\headery900\footery864\sectdefaultcl \pard\plain \qj\nowidctlpar
\tx-576\tx0\tx450\tx1656\tx2916\tx4086\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360\tx10800\tx11520\adjustright {\f2\fs16 CAS\tab 3:97-02095\tab CV98-10061\tab BRILEY_D\tab KERLEY
\par CAS\tab 3:98-00075\tab CV98-11881\tab TIBBAL_T\tab SOUZA
\par CAS\tab 3:98-00076\tab CV98-11882\tab TIBBAL_T\tab SCOTT
\par CAS\tab 3:98-00684\tab CV98-12020\tab CANNON_R\tab COLLINS
\par CAS\tab 3:98-00837\tab CV98-12076\tab SHIRLE_C\tab WEISS
\par CAS\tab 3:98-00838\tab CV98-12077\tab SHIRLE_C\tab ESTRADA
\par CO\tab 1:93-00673\tab CV93-12395\tab NICHOL_P\tab BECKER
\par CO\tab 1:93-01326\tab CV93-12396\tab NICHOL_P\tab VANDEGRIFT
\par CO\tab 1:93-02354\tab CV94-10319\tab DUNLEA_D\tab MOHNEY
\par CO\tab 1:94-00026\tab CV94-11757\tab NICHOL_P\tab DAVIS
\par CO\tab 1:94-00766\tab CV94-12708\tab STERNA_L\tab WATKINS
\par CO\tab 1:95-02053\tab CV95-18058\tab BELL_ANT\tab SCRIVER
\par CO\tab 1:96-02891\tab CV97-10073\tab STONE_PA\tab COUNTRYMAN
\par CO\tab 1:96-02892\tab CV97-10074\tab STONE_PA\tab SELLDEN
\par CO\tab 1:97-00050\tab CV97-10137\tab STONE_PA\tab ROSS
\par CO\tab 1:97-00051\tab CV97-10138\tab STONE_PA\tab HANNA
\par CO\tab 1:97-01623\tab CV97-11003\tab DALY_JAC\tab DALY
\par CO\tab 1:97-01715\tab CV97-11232\tab STONE_PA\tab COOPER
\par CO\tab 1:97-01967\tab CV97-11456\tab HUTTON_M\tab MACDOWELL
\par CO\tab 1:97-02275\tab CV97-11856\tab SCHOEN_L\tab SZOCIK
\par CO\tab 1:97-02369\tab CV97-12337\tab HUGO_MIC\tab GONZALEZ
\par CO\tab 1:97-02542\tab CV98-10062\tab BRANC_TU\tab WEHBA
\par CO\tab 1:98-00042\tab CV98-11612\tab THOMP_JU\tab ANDERSON
\par CT\tab 3:94-01195\tab CV94-14406\tab SHAW_SUK\tab LEVINSON
\par CT\tab 3:95-01139\tab CV95-18059\tab KIAUNI_G\tab CIUNCI
\par CT\tab 3:95-01140\tab CV95-18060\tab KIAUNI_G\tab DIMARTINO
\par CT\tab 3:95-01152\tab CV95-18062\tab KIAUNI_G\tab RYAN
\par CT\tab 3:95-01154\tab CV95-18064\tab KIAUNI_G\tab BENTON
\par CT\tab 3:95-01157\tab CV95-18066\tab KIAUNI_G\tab SENKOWICZ
\par CT\tab 3:95-01158\tab CV95-18067\tab KIAUNI_G\tab DEFUSCO
\par CT\tab 3:95-01164\tab CV95-18073\tab KIAUNI_G\tab MCDONALD
\par CT\tab 3:95-01166\tab CV95-18075\tab KIAUNI_G\tab ANDREW
\par CT\tab 3:95-01169\tab CV95-18076\tab KIAUNI_G\tab FAY
\par CT\tab 3:95-01170\tab CV95-18077\tab KIAUNI_G\tab RIORDAN
\par CT\tab 3:95-01172\tab CV95-18078\tab KIAUNI_G\tab CINGARI
\par CT\tab 3:95-01173\tab CV95-18079\tab ZIOTAS_A\tab FALVEY
\par CT\tab 3:95-01174\tab CV95-18080\tab KIAUNI_G\tab ROSSI-YASONI
\par CT\tab 3:95-01176\tab CV95-18082\tab KIAUNI_G\tab KWASEK
\par CT\tab 3:95-01177\tab CV95-18083\tab KIAUNI_G\tab SNOW
\par CT\tab 3:95-01178\tab CV95-18084\tab KIAUNI_G\tab VALENTI
\par CT\tab 3:95-01179\tab CV95-18085\tab KIAUNI_G\tab ALBERT
\par CT\tab 3:95-01181\tab CV95-18087\tab KIAUNI_G\tab WOLLMAN
\par CT\tab 3:95-01183\tab CV95-18088\tab KIAUNI_G\tab MACDONALD
\par CT\tab 3:95-01187\tab CV95-18091\tab KIAUNI_G\tab HALL
\par CT\tab 3:95-01188\tab CV95-18092\tab KIAUNI_G\tab CONDON
\par CT\tab 3:95-01194\tab CV95-18098\tab KIAUNI_G\tab CURRY
\par CT\tab 3:95-01195\tab CV95-18099\tab KIAUNI_G\tab KOSBOB
\par CT\tab 3:95-01197\tab CV95-18101\tab KIAUNI_G\tab ROMEO
\par CT\tab 3:95-01659\tab CV95-14568\tab KOSKOF_K\tab DOREEN GILLANDERS
\par CT\tab 3:97-00967\tab CV97-10718\tab REARDO_R\tab CASERI
\par \sect }\sectd \lndscpsxn\pgwsxn15840\pghsxn12240\marglsxn864\margrsxn864\margtsxn900\margbsxn864\sbknone\linex0\headery900\footery864\sectdefaultcl \pard\plain \qj\nowidctlpar
\tx-576\tx0\tx450\tx1656\tx2916\tx4086\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360\tx10800\tx11520\adjustright {\f2\fs16 CT\tab 3:97-00968\tab CV97-10719\tab ARONS_MA\tab MULONE
\par CT\tab 3:97-00969\tab CV97-10720\tab ARONS_MA\tab SCHMITT
\par CT\tab 3:97-00970\tab CV97-10721\tab ARONS_MA\tab LINSCOTT
\par CT\tab 3:97-01370\tab CV97-11004\tab REARDO_R\tab LINCOLN
\par CT\tab 3:97-02002\tab CV97-11457\tab POLLAC_M\tab TAMISO
\par CT\tab 3:97-02003\tab CV97-11458\tab POLLAC_M\tab NEWMAN
\par CT\tab 3:97-02004\tab CV97-11459\tab POLLAC_M\tab CHRISTENSEN
\par CT\tab 3:97-02005\tab CV97-11460\tab POLLAC_M\tab LAONE
\par CT\tab 3:97-02006\tab CV97-11461\tab POLLAC_M\tab BOGER
\par CT\tab 3:97-02040\tab CV97-11609\tab POLLAC_M\tab NAPOLETANO
\par CT\tab 3:97-02360\tab CV97-12118\tab POLLAC_M\tab ALBANO
\par CT\tab 3:97-02361\tab CV97-12119\tab POLLA_MA\tab MANCINI
\par CT\tab 3:97-02362\tab CV97-12120\tab POLLAC_M\tab CUNNINGHAM
\par CT\tab 3:97-02363\tab CV97-12121\tab POLLAC_M\tab BRAGG
\par CT\tab 3:97-02377\tab CV97-12122\tab POLLAC_M\tab PINARD
\par CT\tab 3:97-02378\tab CV97-12123\tab POLLAC_M\tab GARTHWAITE
\par CT\tab 3:97-02514\tab CV98-10063\tab POLLAC_M\tab SAMPSON
\par CT\tab 3:98-00190\tab CV98-11613\tab POLLAC_M\tab JOHNSTON
\par CT\tab 3:98-00191\tab CV98-11614\tab POLLAC_M\tab ALEXANDER
\par CT\tab 3:98-00192\tab CV98-11615\tab POLLAC_M\tab SPECTOR
\par CT\tab 3:98-00193\tab CV98-11616\tab POLLAC_M\tab DEVOE
\par CT\tab 3:98-00194\tab CV98-11617\tab POLLAC_M\tab RIEM
\par CT\tab 3:98-00195\tab CV98-11618\tab POLLAC_M\tab DERY
\par CT\tab 3:98-00196\tab CV98-11619\tab POLLAC_M\tab MOHAMED
\par CT\tab 3:98-00197\tab CV98-11620\tab POLLAC_M\tab FIELDS
\par CT\tab 3:98-00964\tab CV98-12158\tab TEITEL_E\tab URENA
\par CT\tab 3:98-00965\tab CV98-12159\tab TEITEL_E\tab MOSE
\par DC\tab 1:97-00386\tab CV97-10387\tab GENTIL_T\tab FAZENBAKER
\par DC\tab 1:97-01162\tab CV97-11005\tab GENTIL_T\tab DOVE
\par DC\tab 1:97-02175\tab CV97-11857\tab PARFIT_M\tab WORTHINGTON
\par DC\tab 1:97-02177\tab CV97-11858\tab PARFIT_M\tab TOTTEN
\par DC\tab 1:97-02178\tab CV97-11859\tab PARFIT_M\tab RAPORT
\par DC\tab 1:97-02179\tab CV97-11860\tab PARFIT_M\tab PIERCE
\par DC\tab 1:97-02180\tab CV97-11861\tab PARFIT_M\tab NOLAN
\par DC\tab 1:97-02181\tab CV97-11862\tab PARFIT_M\tab GOLDMAN
\par DC\tab 1:97-02202\tab CV97-11863\tab PARFIT_M\tab KIRSCH
\par DC\tab 1:97-02353\tab CV97-11864\tab PARFIT_M\tab SPONAUGLE
\par DC\tab 1:97-02495\tab CV98-11884\tab PARFIT_M\tab KEARNY
\par DC\tab 1:97-02689\tab CV98-10064\tab PARFIT_M\tab TEMPLE
\par DC\tab 1:97-02708\tab CV98-11885\tab PARFIT_M\tab TAITANO
\par DC\tab 1:97-02782\tab CV98-10065\tab PARFIT_M\tab KOVALENKO
\par DC\tab 1:97-02783\tab CV98-10066\tab PARFIT_M\tab ABRAMS
\par DC\tab 1:97-02784\tab CV98-10067\tab PARFIT_M\tab COLLINS
\par DC\tab 1:97-02785\tab CV98-10068\tab PARFIT_M\tab ADAMS
\par DC\tab 1:97-02804\tab CV98-10069\tab PARFIT_M\tab CURTIN V, DOW CHEMICAL
\par DC\tab 1:97-02899\tab CV98-11776\tab PARFIT_M\tab WAINSCOTT
\par DC\tab 1:97-02900\tab CV98-11886\tab PARFIT_M\tab STEDMAN
\par DC\tab 1:97-02960\tab CV98-12079\tab PARFIT_M\tab SCHEER
\par DC\tab 1:97-03021\tab CV98-11887\tab PARFIT_M\tab MAZZEO
\par DC\tab 1:97-03038\tab CV98-11888\tab PARFIT_M\tab MADER
\par \sect }\sectd \lndscpsxn\pgwsxn15840\pghsxn12240\marglsxn864\margrsxn864\margtsxn900\margbsxn864\sbknone\linex0\headery900\footery864\sectdefaultcl \pard\plain \qj\nowidctlpar
\tx-576\tx0\tx450\tx1656\tx2916\tx4086\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360\tx10800\tx11520\adjustright {\f2\fs16 DC\tab 1:97-03069\tab CV98-12021\tab PARFIT_M\tab MATHEWS
\par DE\tab 1:95-00480\tab CV95-13338\tab SHARP_ME\tab VIETRI
\par DE\tab 1:95-00481\tab CV95-13339\tab SHARP_ME\tab SIMS
\par DE\tab 1:95-00482\tab CV95-13340\tab CASTLE_B\tab DIJIACOMO
\par DE\tab 1:95-00483\tab CV95-13341\tab SHARP_ME\tab MOORE
\par DE\tab 1:95-00484\tab CV95-13342\tab BAILE_JA\tab APPEL
\par DE\tab 1:95-00485\tab CV95-13343\tab WOODS_JA\tab O'BRIEN
\par DE\tab 1:95-00486\tab CV95-13344\tab CASTLE_B\tab SWARBRICK
\par DE\tab 1:95-00487\tab CV95-13345\tab SHARP_ME\tab ALLEN
\par FLM\tab 2:96-00416\tab CV97-10002\tab ALFORD_W\tab SEEMAN
\par FLM\tab 2:97-00097\tab CV97-10606\tab ALLEY_CH\tab BALLARD
\par FLM\tab 2:97-00468\tab CV97-12124\tab PAPANT_M\tab SUTTON
\par FLM\tab 3:94-01151\tab CV95-10008\tab PAPANT_M\tab WEDDINGTON
\par FLM\tab 3:95-00762\tab CV95-13399\tab ALFORD_W\tab ANDERSON
\par FLM\tab 3:96-01142\tab CV97-10321\tab ALFORD_W\tab PENNINGTON
\par FLM\tab 3:96-01150\tab CV97-10478\tab ALFORD_W\tab DEWEESE
\par FLM\tab 3:96-01152\tab CV97-10076\tab ALFORD_W\tab PETERSON
\par FLM\tab 3:96-01281\tab CV97-10078\tab ALFORD_W\tab COALSON
\par FLM\tab 3:96-01296\tab CV97-10322\tab ALFORD_W\tab THOMPSON
\par FLM\tab 3:96-01299\tab CV97-10080\tab ALFORD_W\tab ADAMS
\par FLM\tab 3:96-01300\tab CV97-10081\tab ALFORD_W\tab ADAMS
\par FLM\tab 3:97-00021\tab CV97-10084\tab ALFORD_W\tab HESSEE
\par FLM\tab 3:97-00044\tab CV97-10140\tab ALFORD_W\tab CHANDLER-VARNES
\par FLM\tab 3:97-00058\tab CV97-10141\tab ALFORD_W\tab NORTHAM
\par FLM\tab 3:97-00134\tab CV97-10323\tab ALFORD_W\tab HAMILTON
\par FLM\tab 3:97-00135\tab CV97-10481\tab ALFORD_W\tab WESTER
\par FLM\tab 3:97-00137\tab CV97-10194\tab ALFORD_W\tab BOGLE
\par FLM\tab 3:97-00181\tab CV97-10484\tab ALFORD_W\tab ADAMS
\par FLM\tab 3:97-00185\tab CV97-10327\tab ALFORD_W\tab BAYLES
\par FLM\tab 3:97-00330\tab CV97-10486\tab ALFORD_W\tab CASEY
\par FLM\tab 3:97-00339\tab CV97-10487\tab ALFORD_W\tab PETERSON
\par FLM\tab 3:97-00372\tab CV97-10491\tab ALFORD_W\tab KIBLER
\par FLM\tab 3:97-00374\tab CV97-10492\tab PAPANT_M\tab SWEENEY
\par FLM\tab 3:97-00384\tab CV97-10607\tab ALFORD_W\tab WILLIAMS
\par FLM\tab 3:97-00386\tab CV97-10496\tab ALFORD_W\tab WHITAKER
\par FLM\tab 3:97-00406\tab CV97-10612\tab ALFORD_W\tab MCPHERSON
\par FLM\tab 3:97-00488\tab CV97-10620\tab ALFORD_W\tab ARTHUR
\par FLM\tab 3:97-00489\tab CV97-10621\tab ALFORD_W\tab CARTER
\par FLM\tab 3:97-00490\tab CV97-10622\tab ALFORD_W\tab JEFFERSON
\par FLM\tab 3:97-00582\tab CV97-10727\tab EVERS_KI\tab WOMBLE
\par FLM\tab 3:97-00605\tab CV97-10731\tab PARKS_SC\tab SEAGER
\par FLM\tab 3:97-00625\tab CV97-10734\tab ALFORD_W\tab HAWKINS
\par FLM\tab 3:97-00630\tab CV97-10840\tab ALFORD_W\tab CARTER
\par FLM\tab 3:97-00631\tab CV97-10738\tab ALFORD_W\tab SMITH
\par FLM\tab 3:97-00653\tab CV97-10842\tab ALFORD_W\tab HEINRICH
\par FLM\tab 3:97-00685\tab CV97-10843\tab ALFORD_W\tab LIVINGSTON
\par FLM\tab 3:97-00687\tab CV97-10844\tab ALFORD_W\tab DAVIDSON
\par FLM\tab 3:97-00690\tab CV97-10847\tab ALFORD_W\tab MCLAUGHLIN
\par FLM\tab 3:97-00701\tab CV97-10848\tab ALFORD_W\tab KALWASINSKI
\par FLM\tab 3:97-00704\tab CV97-10851\tab ALFORD_W\tab EWER
\par \sect }\sectd \lndscpsxn\pgwsxn15840\pghsxn12240\marglsxn864\margrsxn864\margtsxn900\margbsxn864\sbknone\linex0\headery900\footery864\sectdefaultcl \pard\plain \qj\nowidctlpar
\tx-576\tx0\tx450\tx1656\tx2916\tx4086\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360\tx10800\tx11520\adjustright {\f2\fs16 FLM\tab 3:97-00706\tab CV97-10853\tab ALFORD_W\tab WINN-MEHAFFEY
\par FLM\tab 3:97-00714\tab CV97-10854\tab ALFORD_W\tab DANEMAN
\par FLM\tab 3:97-00723\tab CV97-10855\tab ALFORD_W\tab CONKLIN
\par FLM\tab 3:97-00725\tab CV97-10857\tab ALFORD_W\tab ERNST
\par FLM\tab 3:97-00745\tab CV97-10862\tab ALFORD_W\tab WILLS
\par FLM\tab 3:97-00760\tab CV97-10866\tab ALFORD_W\tab LEBEAU
\par FLM\tab 3:97-00762\tab CV97-11007\tab ALFORD_W\tab BLUME
\par FLM\tab 3:97-00763\tab CV97-10867\tab ALFORD_W\tab BENNETT
\par FLM\tab 3:97-00774\tab CV97-11008\tab ALFORD_W\tab SINGLETON
\par FLM\tab 3:97-00776\tab CV97-11009\tab ALFORD_W\tab JANICE
\par FLM\tab 3:97-00814\tab CV97-11012\tab SCHRIE_L\tab PHILLIPS
\par FLM\tab 3:97-00837\tab CV97-11013\tab ALFORD_W\tab RODRIGUEZ
\par FLM\tab 3:97-00839\tab CV97-11015\tab ALFORD_W\tab BENNETT
\par FLM\tab 3:97-00840\tab CV97-11016\tab ALFORD_W\tab ILLINGWORTH
\par FLM\tab 3:97-00841\tab CV97-11017\tab ALFORD_W\tab MCCREANOR
\par FLM\tab 3:97-00843\tab CV97-11019\tab ALFORD_W\tab HAYES
\par FLM\tab 3:97-00844\tab CV97-11020\tab ALFORD_W\tab SULLIVAN
\par FLM\tab 3:97-00859\tab CV97-11021\tab ALFORD_W\tab DAVIDSON
\par FLM\tab 3:97-00864\tab CV97-11233\tab ALFORD_W\tab DONOVAN
\par FLM\tab 3:97-00888\tab CV97-11023\tab ALFORD_W\tab ENGLISH
\par FLM\tab 3:97-00889\tab CV97-11024\tab ALFORD_W\tab BROWN
\par FLM\tab 3:97-00911\tab CV97-11025\tab ALFORD_W\tab WALDING
\par FLM\tab 3:97-00912\tab CV97-11026\tab ALFORD_W\tab HARTLEY
\par FLM\tab 3:97-00913\tab CV97-11027\tab ALFORD_W\tab DUNNEGAN
\par FLM\tab 3:97-00941\tab CV97-11029\tab ALFORD_W\tab KISH-ROSELLE
\par FLM\tab 3:97-00942\tab CV97-11030\tab ALFORD_W\tab FREEMAN
\par FLM\tab 3:97-00943\tab CV97-11031\tab ALFORD_W\tab HOLBERT
\par FLM\tab 3:97-00944\tab CV97-11032\tab ALFORD_W\tab LANGFORD
\par FLM\tab 3:97-00945\tab CV97-11033\tab ALFORD_W\tab HARTMAN
\par FLM\tab 3:97-00946\tab CV97-11034\tab ALFORD_W\tab ROUTHIER
\par FLM\tab 3:97-00947\tab CV97-11035\tab ELLIS_RH\tab JOHNSON
\par FLM\tab 3:97-00949\tab CV97-11036\tab ELLIS_RH\tab SARDANO
\par FLM\tab 3:97-00954\tab CV97-11234\tab ALFORD_W\tab NOVAK
\par FLM\tab 3:97-00971\tab CV98-11777\tab PAPANT_M\tab HOLTZCLAW
\par FLM\tab 3:97-00972\tab CV97-11235\tab ALFORD_W\tab LEWIS
\par FLM\tab 3:97-01047\tab CV97-11462\tab ALFORD_W\tab CRAWFORD
\par FLM\tab 3:97-01067\tab CV97-11463\tab ALFORD_W\tab GASTON
\par FLM\tab 3:97-01111\tab CV97-11467\tab ALFORD_W\tab MCDANEL
\par FLM\tab 3:97-01144\tab CV97-11469\tab HUTTON_M\tab KELLY
\par FLM\tab 3:97-01222\tab CV97-12125\tab PAPANT_M\tab PHIPPS
\par FLM\tab 3:97-01263\tab CV97-12339\tab MORRI_RL\tab LANGSCHWAGER
\par FLM\tab 3:97-01264\tab CV97-12340\tab MORRI_RL\tab JOHNSON-BLAKE
\par FLM\tab 3:98-00170\tab CV98-12080\tab PARKS_SC\tab MCGILLEN
\par FLM\tab 5:97-00063\tab CV97-10498\tab ALFORD_W\tab ATKINS
\par FLM\tab 5:97-00068\tab CV97-10324\tab PAPANT_M\tab AULD
\par FLM\tab 5:97-00164\tab CV97-10737\tab ALFORD_W\tab BUNKER
\par FLM\tab 5:97-00305\tab CV97-12126\tab FORD_JO*\tab FORD
\par FLM\tab 5:97-00573\tab CV97-10627\tab PAPANT_M\tab MOORHEAD
\par FLM\tab 5:98-00012\tab CV98-11622\tab SCHRIE_L\tab CLEVENGER
\par FLM\tab 6:92-00899\tab CV92-10913\tab BECKER_C\tab PATRICIA SCHNEIDER
\par \sect }\sectd \lndscpsxn\pgwsxn15840\pghsxn12240\marglsxn864\margrsxn864\margtsxn900\margbsxn864\sbknone\linex0\headery900\footery864\sectdefaultcl \pard\plain \qj\nowidctlpar
\tx-576\tx0\tx450\tx1656\tx2916\tx4086\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360\tx10800\tx11520\adjustright {\f2\fs16 FLM\tab 6:93-00003\tab CV93-10347\tab MOTTLA_H\tab THIBIDEAU
\par FLM\tab 6:93-00209\tab CV93-11340\tab WALDEN_F\tab DUNHAM
\par FLM\tab 6:94-01243\tab CV95-10010\tab PAPANT_M\tab KINNEY
\par FLM\tab 6:96-01250\tab CV97-10003\tab ALFORD_W\tab MACK
\par FLM\tab 6:96-01255\tab CV97-10004\tab ALFORD_W\tab POWELL
\par FLM\tab 6:97-00062\tab CV97-10142\tab HAHN_BLA\tab ROVILLO
\par FLM\tab 6:97-00255\tab CV97-10499\tab ALLEY_CH\tab ABBEY
\par FLM\tab 6:97-00402\tab CV97-10500\tab ALFORD_W\tab THATCHER
\par FLM\tab 6:97-00419\tab CV97-10501\tab ALFORD_W\tab SUMNER
\par FLM\tab 6:97-00433\tab CV97-10502\tab ALFORD_W\tab HARRISON
\par FLM\tab 6:97-00509\tab CV97-10504\tab ALFORD_W\tab HAFER
\par FLM\tab 6:97-00528\tab CV97-10630\tab ALFORD_W\tab LIEBOLD
\par FLM\tab 6:97-00606\tab CV97-10739\tab ELLIS_RH\tab SHASSIAN
\par FLM\tab 6:97-00613\tab CV97-10740\tab ELLIS_RH\tab DEMARTA
\par FLM\tab 6:97-00614\tab CV97-10741\tab ELLIS_RH\tab PITTMAN
\par FLM\tab 6:97-00619\tab CV97-10742\tab ELLIS_RH\tab BARONE
\par FLM\tab 6:97-00640\tab CV97-10868\tab ELLIS_RH\tab JOHNSON
\par FLM\tab 6:97-00677\tab CV97-10736\tab ALFORD_W\tab DELK
\par FLM\tab 6:97-00698\tab CV97-10869\tab ALFORD_W\tab COSTELLO
\par FLM\tab 6:97-00772\tab CV97-10870\tab ALFORD_W\tab GUPTILL
\par FLM\tab 6:97-00797\tab CV97-10871\tab ALFORD_W\tab STAFFORD
\par FLM\tab 6:97-00805\tab CV97-10872\tab HAHN_BLA\tab BROWN
\par FLM\tab 6:97-00816\tab CV97-11041\tab ALFORD_W\tab LOCHRANE
\par FLM\tab 6:97-00820\tab CV97-10873\tab ALFORD_W\tab HARRIS
\par FLM\tab 6:97-00953\tab CV97-11042\tab PAPANT_M\tab DENISSEN
\par FLM\tab 6:97-01004\tab CV97-11043\tab ALFORD_W\tab NEWTON
\par FLM\tab 6:97-01217\tab CV97-11866\tab HUTTON_M\tab ROBERTS
\par FLM\tab 6:97-01253\tab CV97-12128\tab HOFFMA_D\tab KASER
\par FLM\tab 6:97-01264\tab CV97-11867\tab PAPANT_M\tab LA PELLA
\par FLM\tab 6:97-01266\tab CV97-11868\tab PAPANT_M\tab SAUERHOFF
\par FLM\tab 6:97-01311\tab CV97-12129\tab HAHN_BLA\tab WRIGHT
\par FLM\tab 8:93-02047\tab CV94-10323\tab RICHAR_D\tab GIPE
\par FLM\tab 8:94-00129\tab CV94-11183\tab BOYDST_C\tab TOWSON
\par FLM\tab 8:94-00177\tab CV94-11403\tab MORRIS_G\tab ELLIS
\par FLM\tab 8:94-00728\tab CV94-13341\tab CLARK_JA\tab REIDENBACH
\par FLM\tab 8:94-01884\tab CV95-10012\tab PAPANT_M\tab LEBAR
\par FLM\tab 8:94-02034\tab CV95-10044\tab HUTTON_M\tab DOORACK
\par FLM\tab 8:96-01375\tab CV97-10190\tab ALLEY_CH\tab ROBYN MARIE BESINGER
\par FLM\tab 8:97-00083\tab CV98-12281\tab PAPANT_M\tab KNIGHT
\par FLM\tab 8:97-00191\tab CV97-10459\tab ALLEY_CH\tab DEBORAH J. KELLEY
\par FLM\tab 8:97-00633\tab CV97-10744\tab CHARLT_S\tab POPKA
\par FLM\tab 8:97-00634\tab CV97-10745\tab CHARLT_S\tab HENDRICKSON
\par FLM\tab 8:97-00635\tab CV97-10746\tab CHARLT_S\tab KNAPP
\par FLM\tab 8:97-00719\tab CV97-10506\tab CHARLT_S\tab WAGNER
\par FLM\tab 8:97-00833\tab CV97-10747\tab GREIWE_D\tab SPANOLA
\par FLM\tab 8:97-01053\tab CV98-11778\tab PAPANT_M\tab THRIFT
\par FLM\tab 8:97-01110\tab CV97-10631\tab ALLEY_CH\tab BRYAN
\par FLM\tab 8:97-01138\tab CV97-10750\tab CHARLT_S\tab DONAHUE
\par FLM\tab 8:97-01168\tab CV97-11045\tab HOOPER_J\tab CAMP
\par FLM\tab 8:97-01179\tab CV97-11046\tab CHARLT_S\tab GOPSILL
\par \sect }\sectd \lndscpsxn\pgwsxn15840\pghsxn12240\marglsxn864\margrsxn864\margtsxn900\margbsxn864\sbknone\linex0\headery900\footery864\sectdefaultcl \pard\plain \qj\nowidctlpar
\tx-576\tx0\tx450\tx1656\tx2916\tx4086\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360\tx10800\tx11520\adjustright {\f2\fs16 FLM\tab 8:97-01180\tab CV97-11047\tab HOOPER_J\tab ANSALDO
\par FLM\tab 8:97-01404\tab CV97-12057\tab PAPANT_M\tab DALTON
\par FLM\tab 8:97-01405\tab CV97-12058\tab PAPANT_M\tab CREWS
\par FLM\tab 8:97-01406\tab CV97-12059\tab PAPANT_M\tab BROWN
\par FLM\tab 8:97-01407\tab CV97-12060\tab PAPANT_M\tab WHARTON
\par FLM\tab 8:97-01408\tab CV97-12061\tab PAPANT_M\tab URANICK
\par FLM\tab 8:97-01435\tab CV97-11239\tab NADER_GE\tab BRIANT
\par FLM\tab 8:97-01443\tab CV97-12062\tab PAPANT_M\tab TILMAN
\par FLM\tab 8:97-01459\tab CV97-10874\tab CHARLT_S\tab CZAPLA
\par FLM\tab 8:97-01475\tab CV97-12064\tab PAPANT_M\tab GLICKEN
\par FLM\tab 8:97-01555\tab CV98-11482\tab PAPANT_M\tab PEACOCK
\par FLM\tab 8:97-01608\tab CV99-10031\tab PAPANT_M\tab PALERMO
\par FLM\tab 8:97-01610\tab CV99-10032\tab PAPANT_M\tab MOTLEY
\par FLM\tab 8:97-01611\tab CV99-10033\tab PAPALE_A\tab MOLINA
\par FLM\tab 8:97-01613\tab CV97-12133\tab PAPANT_M\tab DEWAR
\par FLM\tab 8:97-01644\tab CV97-12134\tab PAPANT_M\tab JONES
\par FLM\tab 8:97-01712\tab CV97-11240\tab ALLEY_CH\tab NIKOLAIEV-GUILLOTTE
\par FLM\tab 8:97-01714\tab CV97-12136\tab PAPANT_M\tab MASCIA
\par FLM\tab 8:97-01716\tab CV97-11241\tab ALLEY_CH\tab BENKE
\par FLM\tab 8:97-01726\tab CV97-11048\tab SCHRIE_L\tab LANIER
\par FLM\tab 8:97-01753\tab CV97-12138\tab MEYTHA_W\tab TAUBERT
\par FLM\tab 8:97-01771\tab CV97-12139\tab PAPANT_M\tab CHASTEEN
\par FLM\tab 8:97-01772\tab CV97-12140\tab PAPANT_M\tab KEMPISTA
\par FLM\tab 8:97-01773\tab CV97-12141\tab PAPANT_M\tab MASSIRMAN
\par FLM\tab 8:97-01774\tab CV97-12142\tab PAPANT_M\tab BELANGER
\par FLM\tab 8:97-01810\tab CV97-12144\tab PAPANT_M\tab LAGRAVE
\par FLM\tab 8:97-01811\tab CV97-12070\tab PAPANT_M\tab SARGENT
\par FLM\tab 8:97-01819\tab CV99-10036\tab CLARK_JA\tab MOYE-CARMAN
\par FLM\tab 8:97-01835\tab CV97-11049\tab SCHRIE_L\tab KORPALSKI
\par FLM\tab 8:97-01870\tab CV97-11395\tab ALLEY_CH\tab BLEVINS
\par FLM\tab 8:97-01902\tab CV99-10037\tab CHARLT_S\tab WIARD
\par FLM\tab 8:97-01947\tab CV98-11975\tab HOOPER_J\tab MULLETT
\par FLM\tab 8:97-01948\tab CV98-11976\tab HOOPER_J\tab YAHRAUS
\par FLM\tab 8:97-01949\tab CV98-11977\tab HOOPER_J\tab NORMAN
\par FLM\tab 8:97-01951\tab CV97-12146\tab PAPANT_M\tab LOCKETT
\par FLM\tab 8:97-01952\tab CV97-12147\tab PAPANT_M\tab ROGERS
\par FLM\tab 8:97-01969\tab CV97-11472\tab ALLEY_CH\tab LOVE
\par FLM\tab 8:97-01970\tab CV97-11247\tab ALLEY_CH\tab SHERRITT
\par FLM\tab 8:97-01989\tab CV97-12148\tab PAPANT_M\tab YANICHICK
\par FLM\tab 8:97-01990\tab CV97-12149\tab PAPANT_M\tab DALTON
\par FLM\tab 8:97-02047\tab CV97-12150\tab PAPANT_M\tab FERRY
\par FLM\tab 8:97-02049\tab CV97-12151\tab PAPANT_M\tab CHAPMAN
\par FLM\tab 8:97-02075\tab CV98-11736\tab HOOPER_J\tab CHANDLER
\par FLM\tab 8:97-02076\tab CV98-11737\tab HOOPER_J\tab HAILEND
\par FLM\tab 8:97-02077\tab CV98-11738\tab HOOPER_J\tab NAPIER-CAMPBELL
\par FLM\tab 8:97-02079\tab CV98-11978\tab HOOPER_J\tab STANFIELD
\par FLM\tab 8:97-02080\tab CV98-11979\tab HOOPER_J\tab WESTON
\par FLM\tab 8:97-02121\tab CV97-12156\tab PAPANT_M\tab DUENAS
\par FLM\tab 8:97-02127\tab CV97-11869\tab PAPANT_M\tab NEEDLEMAN
\par FLM\tab 8:97-02128\tab CV97-12157\tab PAPANT_M\tab THOMPSON
\par \sect }\sectd \lndscpsxn\pgwsxn15840\pghsxn12240\marglsxn864\margrsxn864\margtsxn900\margbsxn864\sbknone\linex0\headery900\footery864\sectdefaultcl \pard\plain \qj\nowidctlpar
\tx-576\tx0\tx450\tx1656\tx2916\tx4086\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360\tx10800\tx11520\adjustright {\f2\fs16 FLM\tab 8:97-02129\tab CV97-12158\tab PAPANT_M\tab HEFFINGER
\par FLM\tab 8:97-02130\tab CV97-12159\tab PAPANT_M\tab GOODMAN
\par FLM\tab 8:97-02131\tab CV97-12160\tab PAPANT_M\tab SALVATORE
\par FLM\tab 8:97-02137\tab CV98-11483\tab BOYDST_C\tab URSOMANNO
\par FLM\tab 8:97-02175\tab CV97-12163\tab PAPANT_M\tab TIERCE
\par FLM\tab 8:97-02221\tab CV97-12164\tab PAPANT_M\tab LINNEKEN
\par FLM\tab 8:97-02222\tab CV97-12165\tab PAPANT_M\tab HARRISON
\par FLM\tab 8:97-02224\tab CV97-12166\tab PAPANT_M\tab FIELDS
\par FLM\tab 8:97-02225\tab CV97-12167\tab PAPANT_M\tab BLOCK
\par FLM\tab 8:97-02232\tab CV98-11740\tab HOOPER_J\tab BOJSIUK
\par FLM\tab 8:97-02233\tab CV98-11741\tab HOOPER_J\tab PENTECOST
\par FLM\tab 8:97-02234\tab CV98-11742\tab HOOPER_J\tab BEATTIE
\par FLM\tab 8:97-02235\tab CV98-11743\tab HOOPER_J\tab MORIARTY
\par FLM\tab 8:97-02236\tab CV98-11744\tab HOOPER_J\tab HENDERSON
\par FLM\tab 8:97-02237\tab CV98-11745\tab HOOPER_J\tab MILLER
\par FLM\tab 8:97-02238\tab CV98-11746\tab HOOPER_J\tab HINSON
\par FLM\tab 8:97-02239\tab CV98-11747\tab HOOPER_J\tab MELVIN
\par FLM\tab 8:97-02240\tab CV97-11870\tab HOOPER_J\tab RHODES
\par FLM\tab 8:97-02241\tab CV98-11748\tab HOOPER_J\tab MAGLIERI
\par FLM\tab 8:97-02242\tab CV98-11749\tab HOOPER_J\tab SPRINGER
\par FLM\tab 8:97-02265\tab CV98-11484\tab BOYDST_C\tab DETLOR
\par FLM\tab 8:97-02266\tab CV98-11485\tab BOYDST_C\tab SCARBOROUGH
\par FLM\tab 8:97-02274\tab CV98-11980\tab HOOPER_J\tab LEAVINE
\par FLM\tab 8:97-02275\tab CV98-11981\tab HOOPER_J\tab BAZEMORE
\par FLM\tab 8:97-02276\tab CV98-11982\tab HOOPER_J\tab MCAULEY
\par FLM\tab 8:97-02277\tab CV98-11983\tab HOOPER_J\tab HOFFMAN
\par FLM\tab 8:97-02309\tab CV99-10004\tab CHARLT_S\tab MURPHY
\par FLM\tab 8:97-02311\tab CV98-11779\tab CHARLT_S\tab SHAPIRO
\par FLM\tab 8:97-02312\tab CV99-10038\tab CHARLT_S\tab STARER
\par FLM\tab 8:97-02339\tab CV99-10039\tab BOYDST_C\tab HORNICK
\par FLM\tab 8:97-02351\tab CV98-11984\tab BOYDST_C\tab JOINER
\par FLM\tab 8:97-02358\tab CV98-11985\tab BOYDST_C\tab OATLEY
\par FLM\tab 8:97-02359\tab CV98-11291\tab PAPANT_M\tab GOUCHER
\par FLM\tab 8:97-02386\tab CV98-11986\tab HOOPER_J\tab FORREST
\par FLM\tab 8:97-02389\tab CV98-11762\tab HOOPER_J\tab MALANGONE
\par FLM\tab 8:97-02391\tab CV98-11987\tab HOOPER_J\tab SIRVENT
\par FLM\tab 8:97-02392\tab CV98-11988\tab HOOPER_J\tab ROZIER
\par FLM\tab 8:97-02393\tab CV98-11989\tab HOOPER_J\tab JOHNS
\par FLM\tab 8:97-02394\tab CV98-11990\tab HOOPER_J\tab MATTERA
\par FLM\tab 8:97-02395\tab CV98-11991\tab HOOPER_J\tab MITCHELL
\par FLM\tab 8:97-02396\tab CV98-11992\tab HOOPER_J\tab SKOVRANEK
\par FLM\tab 8:97-02439\tab CV98-11623\tab PAPANT_M\tab ELDSTROM
\par FLM\tab 8:97-02483\tab CV97-11466\tab ALFORD_W\tab KOULOURIS
\par FLM\tab 8:97-02500\tab CV98-11993\tab HOOPER_J\tab CAMUS
\par FLM\tab 8:97-02501\tab CV98-11994\tab HOOPER_J\tab MARTIN
\par FLM\tab 8:97-02502\tab CV98-11995\tab HOOPER_J\tab GORDON
\par FLM\tab 8:97-02503\tab CV98-11996\tab HOOPER_J\tab WILLIAMS
\par FLM\tab 8:97-02504\tab CV98-11997\tab HOOPER_J\tab GLIHA
\par FLM\tab 8:97-02505\tab CV98-11998\tab HOOPER_J\tab ANGLE
\par FLM\tab 8:97-02506\tab CV98-11999\tab HOOPER_J\tab CARTER
\par \sect }\sectd \lndscpsxn\pgwsxn15840\pghsxn12240\marglsxn864\margrsxn864\margtsxn900\margbsxn864\sbknone\linex0\headery900\footery864\sectdefaultcl \pard\plain \qj\nowidctlpar
\tx-576\tx0\tx450\tx1656\tx2916\tx4086\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360\tx10800\tx11520\adjustright {\f2\fs16 FLM\tab 8:97-02507\tab CV98-12000\tab HOOPER_J\tab HOUSTON
\par FLM\tab 8:97-02547\tab CV98-12282\tab PAPANT_M\tab BARTLETT
\par FLM\tab 8:97-02552\tab CV98-12081\tab PAPANT_M\tab LICCIARDI
\par FLM\tab 8:97-02553\tab CV98-11624\tab PAPANT_M\tab MILEY
\par FLM\tab 8:97-02555\tab CV98-12283\tab PAPANT_M\tab DUNN
\par FLM\tab 8:97-02588\tab CV98-12001\tab HOOPER_J\tab BECKER
\par FLM\tab 8:97-02589\tab CV98-11780\tab HOOPER_J\tab BENTON
\par FLM\tab 8:97-02610\tab CV99-10040\tab MICHAE_R\tab OSBURG
\par FLM\tab 8:97-02611\tab CV99-10041\tab ALLEY_CH\tab PELLETIER
\par FLM\tab 8:97-02613\tab CV97-12173\tab MORRI_LA\tab LEGGETT
\par FLM\tab 8:97-02630\tab CV99-10042\tab ALLEY_CH\tab MOWREY
\par FLM\tab 8:97-02637\tab CV98-12082\tab GORDO_BE\tab STAUBER
\par FLM\tab 8:97-02640\tab CV98-11766\tab MICHAE_R\tab PAULSON
\par FLM\tab 8:97-02641\tab CV98-12244\tab BOYDST_C\tab EDDY
\par FLM\tab 8:97-02642\tab CV98-12245\tab MICHAE_R\tab YOKOYAMA
\par FLM\tab 8:97-02645\tab CV98-10077\tab HOUSSI_C\tab KAHN
\par FLM\tab 8:97-02719\tab CV98-12284\tab CHARLT_S\tab BALDWIN
\par FLM\tab 8:97-02799\tab CV98-12002\tab BOYDST_C\tab DUFFY
\par FLM\tab 8:97-02831\tab CV98-10078\tab MICHAE_R\tab RADICE
\par FLM\tab 8:97-02835\tab CV98-12285\tab CHARLT_S\tab ROUNDS
\par FLM\tab 8:97-02860\tab CV98-11625\tab ALLEY_CH\tab ADLMAN
\par FLM\tab 8:97-02864\tab CV98-11781\tab CHARLT_S\tab GENALDI
\par FLM\tab 8:97-02952\tab CV99-10044\tab ALLEY_CH\tab JACKSON
\par FLM\tab 8:97-02956\tab CV98-11782\tab ALLEY_CH\tab BOWER
\par FLM\tab 8:97-03032\tab CV98-11626\tab SLACK_MA\tab HAVENER
\par FLM\tab 8:98-00044\tab CV98-11627\tab CHARLT_S\tab PELOKE
\par FLM\tab 8:98-00045\tab CV98-12286\tab CHARLT_S\tab EL-SHEMY CARUTHERS
\par FLM\tab 8:98-00106\tab CV98-11628\tab SCHRIE_L\tab CATARELLI
\par FLM\tab 8:98-00139\tab CV98-11788\tab ALLEY_CH\tab OWENS
\par FLM\tab 8:98-00318\tab CV98-12287\tab CHARLT_S\tab SWARTZ
\par FLM\tab 8:98-00319\tab CV98-12288\tab CHARLT_S\tab SAUL
\par FLM\tab 8:98-00320\tab CV98-11889\tab ALLEY_CH\tab FRAKES
\par FLM\tab 8:98-00583\tab CV98-12269\tab SLACK_MA\tab TACKETT
\par FLM\tab 8:98-00584\tab CV98-12270\tab SLACK_MA\tab HARPER
\par FLM\tab 8:98-00752\tab CV98-12271\tab SLACK_MA\tab FIGUEIRAS
\par FLM\tab 8:98-00753\tab CV98-12272\tab SLACK_MA\tab ROSEN
\par FLM\tab 8:98-00754\tab CV98-12273\tab SLACK_MA\tab ORTHWEIN
\par FLM\tab 8:98-00755\tab CV98-12274\tab SLACK_MA\tab GOULD
\par FLM\tab 8:98-00756\tab CV98-12275\tab CHARLT_S\tab KANDEL
\par FLM\tab 8:98-00757\tab CV98-12276\tab SLACK_MA\tab MILLER
\par FLM\tab 8:98-00758\tab CV98-12277\tab SLACK_MA\tab MURRAY
\par FLM\tab 8:98-00759\tab CV98-12278\tab SLACK_MA\tab GRIMES
\par FLM\tab 8:98-00855\tab CV99-10045\tab BOYDST_C\tab MOORE
\par FLM\tab 8:98-00916\tab CV98-12279\tab SLACK_MA\tab CARLISLE
\par FLM\tab 8:98-01129\tab CV98-12246\tab CHARLT_S\tab PARKINSON
\par FLM\tab 8:98-01130\tab CV98-12247\tab CHARLT_S\tab O'NEILL
\par FLM\tab 8:98-01131\tab CV98-12248\tab CHARLT_S\tab CALDERWOOD
\par FLM\tab 8:98-01156\tab CV98-12249\tab SLACK_MA\tab SCHWYN
\par FLM\tab 8:98-01159\tab CV98-12250\tab SLACK_MA\tab FULKERSON
\par FLM\tab 8:98-01160\tab CV98-12251\tab SLACK_MA\tab SMITH
\par \sect }\sectd \lndscpsxn\pgwsxn15840\pghsxn12240\marglsxn864\margrsxn864\margtsxn900\margbsxn864\sbknone\linex0\headery900\footery864\sectdefaultcl \pard\plain \qj\nowidctlpar
\tx-576\tx0\tx450\tx1656\tx2916\tx4086\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360\tx10800\tx11520\adjustright {\f2\fs16 FLM\tab 8:98-01164\tab CV98-12252\tab SLACK_MA\tab STEWART
\par FLM\tab 8:98-01171\tab CV98-12253\tab SLACK_MA\tab WILLS
\par FLM\tab 8:98-01172\tab CV98-12254\tab SLACK_MA\tab HERNANDEZ
\par FLM\tab 8:98-01173\tab CV98-12255\tab SLACK_MA\tab MONTE
\par FLM\tab 8:98-01185\tab CV98-12256\tab SLACK_MA\tab WOLFF
\par FLM\tab 8:98-01212\tab CV98-12289\tab CHARLT_S\tab O'NEILL
\par FLM\tab 8:98-01363\tab CV98-12291\tab SLACK_MA\tab KAUFMAN
\par FLM\tab 8:98-01385\tab CV98-12292\tab SLACK_MA\tab GLEASON
\par FLM\tab 8:98-01431\tab CV99-10046\tab ALLEY_CH\tab MCHONE
\par FLM\tab 8:98-01999\tab CV99-10005\tab ALLEY_CH\tab SOFTICH
\par FLM\tab 8:98-02000\tab CV99-10006\tab ALLEY_CH\tab GOSSETT
\par FLN\tab 1:96-00239\tab CV97-10328\tab ALFORD_W\tab HAMMAN
\par FLN\tab 1:97-00088\tab CV97-10751\tab PAPANT_M\tab MCCALLUM
\par FLN\tab 3:96-00421\tab CV96-12402\tab PAPANT_M\tab ROBINSON
\par FLN\tab 3:96-00422\tab CV96-12403\tab PAPANT_M\tab FIKE
\par FLN\tab 3:96-00424\tab CV96-12405\tab PAPANT_M\tab ELY
\par FLN\tab 3:96-00425\tab CV96-12530\tab PAPANT_M\tab CLARK
\par FLN\tab 3:97-00226\tab CV97-10875\tab PAPANT_M\tab RITENOUR
\par FLN\tab 3:97-00272\tab CV97-10876\tab HOOK_MIC\tab GAY
\par FLN\tab 3:97-00302\tab CV97-11396\tab PAPANT_M\tab O'SHEA
\par FLN\tab 3:97-00333\tab CV97-11050\tab PAPANT_M\tab DONOVAN
\par FLN\tab 3:97-00343\tab CV97-11397\tab PAPANT_M\tab TATE
\par FLN\tab 3:97-00349\tab CV97-11248\tab PAPANT_M\tab BERT
\par FLN\tab 3:97-00354\tab CV97-11249\tab PAPANT_M\tab SOSA
\par FLN\tab 3:97-00468\tab CV97-11871\tab ALFORD_W\tab MCHENRY
\par FLN\tab 3:98-00290\tab CV98-12325\tab PAPANT_M\tab KERR
\par FLN\tab 4:97-00289\tab CV97-11473\tab MATTHE_S\tab ELLISON
\par FLS\tab 0:92-06863\tab CV92-10938\tab SCOTT_TH\tab LUNA
\par FLS\tab 0:93-07046\tab CV94-10340\tab MOSS_EDW\tab GABER
\par FLS\tab 0:94-06008\tab CV94-11413\tab GALEX_RI\tab BARTOLO
\par FLS\tab 0:94-06023\tab CV94-11414\tab MOTTLA_H\tab MOSKOS
\par FLS\tab 0:94-06321\tab CV94-12752\tab FLASTE_L\tab BATTISTONI
\par FLS\tab 0:95-08485\tab CV97-10465\tab SCHULE_R\tab FLORENCE RALPH
\par FLS\tab 0:97-06479\tab CV97-10877\tab ALFORD_W\tab RODRIGUEZ
\par FLS\tab 0:97-06605\tab CV97-10878\tab ALFORD_W\tab NEUROHR
\par FLS\tab 0:97-06761\tab CV97-11051\tab MULLEN_M\tab LOGGANS
\par FLS\tab 0:97-06811\tab CV97-11052\tab SCHRIE_L\tab MENNELLA
\par FLS\tab 0:97-06916\tab CV97-11053\tab SCHRIE_L\tab DESILVA
\par FLS\tab 0:97-06969\tab CV97-11250\tab PAPANT_M\tab SUTTON
\par FLS\tab 0:97-06971\tab CV97-11251\tab PAPANT_M\tab FLETCHER
\par FLS\tab 0:97-06972\tab CV97-11252\tab PAPANT_M\tab MADL
\par FLS\tab 0:97-06973\tab CV98-11520\tab WORTH_NA\tab SERPA
\par FLS\tab 0:97-07040\tab CV97-11398\tab WORTH_NA\tab BECROFT
\par FLS\tab 0:97-07041\tab CV97-11399\tab WORTH_NA\tab SULLIVAN
\par FLS\tab 0:97-07107\tab CV97-11474\tab SCHRIE_L\tab GALFO
\par FLS\tab 0:97-07207\tab CV97-11872\tab SCHRIE_L\tab VIDAURRAZAGA
\par FLS\tab 0:97-07401\tab CV98-10079\tab PAPANT_M\tab CHARLTON
\par FLS\tab 0:98-06125\tab CV98-11789\tab WORTH_NA\tab PUCKETT
\par FLS\tab 1:93-01660\tab CV93-13239\tab ARECES_A\tab BURCHALTER
\par FLS\tab 1:93-02219\tab CV94-10046\tab GONZAL_E\tab OAKMAN
\par \sect }\sectd \lndscpsxn\pgwsxn15840\pghsxn12240\marglsxn864\margrsxn864\margtsxn900\margbsxn864\sbknone\linex0\headery900\footery864\sectdefaultcl \pard\plain \qj\nowidctlpar
\tx-576\tx0\tx450\tx1656\tx2916\tx4086\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360\tx10800\tx11520\adjustright {\f2\fs16 FLS\tab 1:94-02480\tab CV94-14624\tab PAPANT_M\tab BEISSEL
\par FLS\tab 1:94-02564\tab CV95-10013\tab GOODMA_R\tab BEISSEL
\par FLS\tab 1:96-03620\tab CV97-10507\tab ALFORD_W\tab MURCIANO
\par FLS\tab 1:97-01612\tab CV97-10879\tab ALFORD_W\tab COHEN
\par FLS\tab 1:97-01805\tab CV97-11476\tab SCHRIE_L\tab PEREZ
\par FLS\tab 1:97-01917\tab CV97-10986\tab SCHRIE_L\tab ODILIA ALVEREZ DE REAL
\par FLS\tab 1:97-01984\tab CV97-11477\tab SCHRIE_L\tab MARCELO
\par FLS\tab 1:97-02134\tab CV97-12174\tab EVERS_KI\tab COLAN
\par FLS\tab 1:97-02557\tab CV97-11253\tab DAVIS_NA\tab RICHARDS
\par FLS\tab 1:97-02775\tab CV97-11612\tab WORTH_NA\tab KIRSCH
\par FLS\tab 1:97-02776\tab CV97-11400\tab WORTH_NA\tab WHITE
\par FLS\tab 1:97-03155\tab CV97-11873\tab HUTTON_M\tab DUDLEY
\par FLS\tab 1:97-03306\tab CV97-11874\tab WORTH_NA\tab BORROTO
\par FLS\tab 1:97-03614\tab CV97-12341\tab SCHRIE_L\tab FOX
\par FLS\tab 1:97-03642\tab CV98-10080\tab SCHRIE_L\tab MARCELO
\par FLS\tab 1:97-03790\tab CV98-11292\tab PAPANT_M\tab VALENCIA
\par FLS\tab 1:98-00037\tab CV98-11629\tab ALFORD_W\tab HOFFMAN
\par FLS\tab 1:98-00077\tab CV98-11630\tab ALFORD_W\tab WALTERMAN
\par FLS\tab 1:98-00079\tab CV98-11631\tab ALFORD_W\tab PINDER
\par FLS\tab 1:98-00083\tab CV98-11632\tab ALFORD_W\tab BARTOL
\par FLS\tab 2:93-14118\tab CV93-11934\tab ROBIN_JA\tab JONES
\par FLS\tab 2:97-14314\tab CV97-11354\tab WORTH_NA\tab MCAULIFFE-LONGHAT
\par FLS\tab 2:97-14486\tab CV97-12175\tab WORTH_NA\tab GARCIA
\par FLS\tab 4:97-10059\tab CV98-11892\tab PAPANT_M\tab ROVERSI
\par FLS\tab 9:92-06230\tab CV92-10468\tab MCMAST_J\tab SPIEKER
\par FLS\tab 9:92-08548\tab CV92-10942\tab MILLE_EL\tab GROSS
\par FLS\tab 9:92-08550\tab CV92-10943\tab MOTTLA_H\tab VANDYKE
\par FLS\tab 9:92-08569\tab CV92-10944\tab SCHULE_R\tab NANCE
\par FLS\tab 9:93-08341\tab CV93-12660\tab MILLE_EL\tab CAVANAUGH
\par FLS\tab 9:93-08515\tab CV93-13990\tab SCHULE_R\tab HENDRICKSON
\par FLS\tab 9:97-08027\tab CV97-10330\tab SCHULE_R\tab GONZALES
\par FLS\tab 9:97-08199\tab CV97-11613\tab SCHULE_R\tab PENNINGTON
\par FLS\tab 9:97-08244\tab CV97-10508\tab SCHULE_R\tab O'CONNER
\par FLS\tab 9:97-08377\tab CV97-12343\tab SLAWSO_R\tab CATO
\par FLS\tab 9:97-08490\tab CV97-11055\tab SCHRIE_L\tab WEEKES
\par FLS\tab 9:97-08508\tab CV97-11056\tab ALFORD_W\tab NASH
\par FLS\tab 9:97-08593\tab CV97-11254\tab PAPANT_M\tab WORCESTER
\par GAM\tab 3:97-00082\tab CV98-12022\tab STRICK_T\tab DOVE
\par GAM\tab 4:97-00158\tab CV97-11401\tab KNOWLE_R\tab LAFOND
\par GAM\tab 4:97-00159\tab CV97-11402\tab KNOWLE_R\tab MCBEAN
\par GAM\tab 5:97-00700\tab CV98-11893\tab HAHN_BLA\tab WARREN
\par GAM\tab 7:93-00104\tab CV93-14203\tab ELLERB_O\tab GUARINO
\par GAN\tab 1:92-01562\tab CV93-10041\tab SCHRAD_R\tab DUFFEY
\par GAN\tab 1:94-00147\tab CV94-10942\tab GAINER_C\tab GLAZE
\par GAN\tab 1:94-00811\tab CV94-13025\tab HERMAN_P\tab BRUSH
\par GAN\tab 1:94-02436\tab CV94-14505\tab MOORE_WN\tab WYCOFF
\par GAN\tab 1:96-03226\tab CV97-10088\tab BENNET_L\tab LANE
\par GAN\tab 1:96-03227\tab CV97-10089\tab BENNET_L\tab MILLER
\par GAN\tab 1:96-03298\tab CV97-10090\tab WETHER_S\tab EMBRY
\par GAN\tab 1:97-00262\tab CV97-10331\tab CALABR_M\tab WALKER
\par \sect }\sectd \lndscpsxn\pgwsxn15840\pghsxn12240\marglsxn864\margrsxn864\margtsxn900\margbsxn864\sbknone\linex0\headery900\footery864\sectdefaultcl \pard\plain \qj\nowidctlpar
\tx-576\tx0\tx450\tx1656\tx2916\tx4086\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360\tx10800\tx11520\adjustright {\f2\fs16 GAN\tab 1:97-00263\tab CV97-10143\tab CALABR_M\tab WHITE
\par GAN\tab 1:97-01633\tab CV97-10881\tab KNOWLE_R\tab KIRBY
\par GAN\tab 1:97-01644\tab CV97-10882\tab CALABR_M\tab PURVIS
\par GAN\tab 1:97-01827\tab CV97-10883\tab KNOWLE_R\tab SANDERS
\par GAN\tab 1:97-01853\tab CV97-10885\tab KNOWLE_R\tab VALENTINE
\par GAN\tab 1:97-01854\tab CV97-10886\tab KNOWLE_R\tab ROSE
\par GAN\tab 1:97-01871\tab CV97-10887\tab HAHN_BLA\tab WILLIAMS
\par GAN\tab 1:97-01872\tab CV97-10888\tab HAHN_BLA\tab MCCLAIN
\par GAN\tab 1:97-01873\tab CV97-10889\tab HAHN_BLA\tab POOLE
\par GAN\tab 1:97-01874\tab CV98-12023\tab HAHN_BLA\tab BOCKWEG
\par GAN\tab 1:97-02133\tab CV97-11058\tab HAHN_BLA\tab PITTMAN
\par GAN\tab 1:97-02134\tab CV97-11059\tab HAHN_BLA\tab BAUGHMAN
\par GAN\tab 1:97-02184\tab CV97-11060\tab CALABR_M\tab CASEY
\par GAN\tab 1:97-02241\tab CV97-11479\tab BIRD_WIL\tab SCOTT
\par GAN\tab 1:97-02279\tab CV97-11255\tab KNOWLE_R\tab ATKINS
\par GAN\tab 1:97-02280\tab CV97-11256\tab KNOWLE_R\tab ABEE
\par GAN\tab 1:97-02281\tab CV97-11257\tab KNOWLE_R\tab BYERS
\par GAN\tab 1:97-02282\tab CV97-11258\tab KNOWLE_R\tab CHAMBERLAIN
\par GAN\tab 1:97-02283\tab CV97-11259\tab KNOWLE_R\tab GORDON
\par GAN\tab 1:97-02284\tab CV97-11260\tab KNOWLE_R\tab ALDRED
\par GAN\tab 1:97-02360\tab CV97-11261\tab HAHN_BLA\tab MACH
\par GAN\tab 1:97-02361\tab CV97-11262\tab HAHN_BLA\tab BOWEN
\par GAN\tab 1:97-02372\tab CV97-11264\tab KNOWLE_R\tab HIXSON
\par GAN\tab 1:97-02373\tab CV97-11265\tab KNOWLE_R\tab LEE
\par GAN\tab 1:97-02506\tab CV97-11403\tab HAHN_BLA\tab COOK
\par GAN\tab 1:97-02507\tab CV98-10081\tab HAHN_BLA\tab WARREN
\par GAN\tab 1:97-02649\tab CV97-11614\tab KNOWLE_R\tab EBBINGHOUSE
\par GAN\tab 1:97-02658\tab CV97-11480\tab HAHN_BLA\tab DOBBS
\par GAN\tab 1:97-02659\tab CV98-12024\tab HAHN_BLA\tab WYNN
\par GAN\tab 1:97-02690\tab CV97-11481\tab KNOWLE_R\tab FISHER
\par GAN\tab 1:97-02691\tab CV97-11615\tab KNOWLE_R\tab DAVIS
\par GAN\tab 1:97-02692\tab CV97-11482\tab KNOWLE_R\tab KAMPHUIS
\par GAN\tab 1:97-02693\tab CV97-11875\tab KNOWLE_R\tab CLARK
\par GAN\tab 1:97-02694\tab CV97-11483\tab KNOWLE_R\tab DOFFERMYRE
\par GAN\tab 1:97-02695\tab CV97-11616\tab BENNET_L\tab GUHNE
\par GAN\tab 1:97-02696\tab CV97-11484\tab KNOWLE_R\tab JAMES
\par GAN\tab 1:97-02697\tab CV97-11617\tab KNOWLE_R\tab MARABLE
\par GAN\tab 1:97-02698\tab CV97-11618\tab KNOWLE_R\tab NIX
\par GAN\tab 1:97-02699\tab CV97-11619\tab KNOWLE_R\tab NEWMAN
\par GAN\tab 1:97-02700\tab CV97-11485\tab KNOWLE_R\tab VINCENT
\par GAN\tab 1:97-02701\tab CV97-11486\tab KNOWLE_R\tab WALKER
\par GAN\tab 1:97-02702\tab CV97-11487\tab BENNET_L\tab WALLIN
\par GAN\tab 1:97-02703\tab CV97-11488\tab KNOWLE_R\tab COX
\par GAN\tab 1:97-02704\tab CV97-11489\tab KNOWLE_R\tab DAVIS
\par GAN\tab 1:97-02724\tab CV97-11490\tab KNOWLE_R\tab NEEL
\par GAN\tab 1:97-02731\tab CV97-12177\tab STIL_EDW\tab OPELC
\par GAN\tab 1:97-02739\tab CV97-11491\tab KNOWLE_R\tab GEORGE
\par GAN\tab 1:97-02740\tab CV97-11492\tab HULSE_A*\tab HULSEBUS
\par GAN\tab 1:97-02741\tab CV97-11620\tab KNOWLE_R\tab JONES
\par GAN\tab 1:97-02742\tab CV97-11876\tab BENNET_L\tab LONG
\par \sect }\sectd \lndscpsxn\pgwsxn15840\pghsxn12240\marglsxn864\margrsxn864\margtsxn900\margbsxn864\sbknone\linex0\headery900\footery864\sectdefaultcl \pard\plain \qj\nowidctlpar
\tx-576\tx0\tx450\tx1656\tx2916\tx4086\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360\tx10800\tx11520\adjustright {\f2\fs16 GAN\tab 1:97-02743\tab CV97-11493\tab BENNET_L\tab MCCLARY
\par GAN\tab 1:97-02744\tab CV97-11494\tab KNOWLE_R\tab MOORE
\par GAN\tab 1:97-02745\tab CV97-11877\tab KNOWLE_R\tab MOORE
\par GAN\tab 1:97-02746\tab CV97-11878\tab KNOWLE_R\tab RICK
\par GAN\tab 1:97-02747\tab CV97-11879\tab KNOWLE_R\tab SMYTH
\par GAN\tab 1:97-02748\tab CV97-11495\tab KNOWLE_R\tab THOMPSON
\par GAN\tab 1:97-02749\tab CV97-11621\tab KNOWLE_R\tab WARREN
\par GAN\tab 1:97-02750\tab CV97-11880\tab KNOWLE_R\tab WIENER
\par GAN\tab 1:97-02751\tab CV97-11496\tab KNOWLE_R\tab WILLINGHAM
\par GAN\tab 1:97-02752\tab CV97-11881\tab KNOWLE_R\tab WOOD
\par GAN\tab 1:97-02777\tab CV97-11882\tab AUSTIN_L\tab WATERS
\par GAN\tab 1:97-02792\tab CV97-11622\tab MOFFET_F\tab ALLEN
\par GAN\tab 1:97-02794\tab CV97-11497\tab MOFFET_F\tab ANDREW
\par GAN\tab 1:97-02795\tab CV97-11498\tab MOFFET_F\tab BRAINARD
\par GAN\tab 1:97-02796\tab CV97-11623\tab MOFFET_F\tab COLLINS
\par GAN\tab 1:97-02797\tab CV97-11883\tab MOFFET_F\tab GRANTHAM
\par GAN\tab 1:97-02798\tab CV97-11624\tab MOFFET_F\tab CANNON
\par GAN\tab 1:97-02799\tab CV97-11625\tab MOFFET_F\tab HUMBERT
\par GAN\tab 1:97-02800\tab CV97-11626\tab MOFFET_F\tab MICIUNAS
\par GAN\tab 1:97-02801\tab CV98-12025\tab MOFFET_F\tab MITCHELL
\par GAN\tab 1:97-02802\tab CV97-11884\tab MOFFET_F\tab RAMEY
\par GAN\tab 1:97-02803\tab CV97-11499\tab MOFFET_F\tab RANTZ
\par GAN\tab 1:97-02804\tab CV97-11500\tab MOFFET_F\tab UMENSETTER
\par GAN\tab 1:97-02805\tab CV97-11627\tab MOFFET_F\tab WHITE
\par GAN\tab 1:97-02806\tab CV97-11885\tab MOFFET_F\tab YORK
\par GAN\tab 1:97-02807\tab CV97-11886\tab MOFFET_F\tab ZIMMERMAN
\par GAN\tab 1:97-02823\tab CV97-11628\tab KNOWLE_R\tab BOYD
\par GAN\tab 1:97-02824\tab CV97-11629\tab KNOWLE_R\tab BRANNUM
\par GAN\tab 1:97-02825\tab CV97-11887\tab KNOWLE_R\tab BROWN
\par GAN\tab 1:97-02826\tab CV97-11630\tab KNOWLE_R\tab CAGLE
\par GAN\tab 1:97-02827\tab CV97-11631\tab KNOWLE_R\tab CARTER
\par GAN\tab 1:97-02828\tab CV97-11888\tab KNOWLE_R\tab CORNELIUS
\par GAN\tab 1:97-02829\tab CV97-11632\tab KNOWLE_R\tab DAVIS
\par GAN\tab 1:97-02830\tab CV97-11633\tab BENNET_L\tab DAVENPORT
\par GAN\tab 1:97-02831\tab CV97-11634\tab KNOWLE_R\tab HARRIS
\par GAN\tab 1:97-02832\tab CV97-11501\tab KNOWLE_R\tab HOLT
\par GAN\tab 1:97-02833\tab CV97-11635\tab KNOWLE_R\tab JOHNSON
\par GAN\tab 1:97-02834\tab CV97-11889\tab KNOWLE_R\tab KITCHINGS
\par GAN\tab 1:97-02835\tab CV97-11636\tab KNOWLE_R\tab LEACH
\par GAN\tab 1:97-02836\tab CV97-11502\tab KNOWLE_R\tab MANN
\par GAN\tab 1:97-02837\tab CV97-11637\tab KNOWLE_R\tab MANSFIELD
\par GAN\tab 1:97-02838\tab CV97-11890\tab KNOWLE_R\tab MARCH
\par GAN\tab 1:97-02839\tab CV97-11638\tab KNOWLE_R\tab DICKSON
\par GAN\tab 1:97-02840\tab CV97-11891\tab KNOWLE_R\tab DISMUKES
\par GAN\tab 1:97-02841\tab CV97-11639\tab KNOWLE_R\tab EDWARDS
\par GAN\tab 1:97-02842\tab CV97-11640\tab KNOWLE_R\tab FERNANDEZ
\par GAN\tab 1:97-02843\tab CV97-11641\tab KNOWLE_R\tab FORD
\par GAN\tab 1:97-02844\tab CV97-11503\tab KNOWLE_R\tab FULLER
\par GAN\tab 1:97-02845\tab CV97-11642\tab KNOWLE_R\tab GANN
\par GAN\tab 1:97-02846\tab CV97-11892\tab KNOWLE_R\tab GELDRICH
\par \sect }\sectd \lndscpsxn\pgwsxn15840\pghsxn12240\marglsxn864\margrsxn864\margtsxn900\margbsxn864\sbknone\linex0\headery900\footery864\sectdefaultcl \pard\plain \qj\nowidctlpar
\tx-576\tx0\tx450\tx1656\tx2916\tx4086\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360\tx10800\tx11520\adjustright {\f2\fs16 GAN\tab 1:97-02847\tab CV97-11643\tab KNOWLE_R\tab GREEN
\par GAN\tab 1:97-02852\tab CV97-11644\tab EDWAR_CL\tab RICH
\par GAN\tab 1:97-02866\tab CV97-11645\tab KNOWLE_R\tab MARUSICH
\par GAN\tab 1:97-02867\tab CV97-11646\tab KNOWLE_R\tab MAXWELL
\par GAN\tab 1:97-02868\tab CV97-11647\tab KNOWLE_R\tab MCGRAW
\par GAN\tab 1:97-02869\tab CV97-11648\tab BENNET_L\tab MERRIMAN
\par GAN\tab 1:97-02870\tab CV97-11649\tab KNOWLE_R\tab MILLER
\par GAN\tab 1:97-02871\tab CV97-11893\tab KNOWLE_R\tab MURRAY
\par GAN\tab 1:97-02872\tab CV97-11650\tab KNOWLE_R\tab MYERS
\par GAN\tab 1:97-02873\tab CV97-11651\tab KNOWLE_R\tab NOVICK
\par GAN\tab 1:97-02874\tab CV97-11894\tab KNOWLE_R\tab O'DELL
\par GAN\tab 1:97-02875\tab CV97-11652\tab KNOWLE_R\tab PERRY
\par GAN\tab 1:97-02876\tab CV97-11895\tab KNOWLE_R\tab PHILLIPS
\par GAN\tab 1:97-02877\tab CV97-11653\tab KNOWLE_R\tab RANDOLPH
\par GAN\tab 1:97-02878\tab CV97-11654\tab BENNET_L\tab REED
\par GAN\tab 1:97-02879\tab CV97-11655\tab KNOWLE_R\tab VAUGHAN
\par GAN\tab 1:97-02880\tab CV97-11656\tab KNOWLE_R\tab VEAL
\par GAN\tab 1:97-02881\tab CV97-11657\tab KNOWLE_R\tab WADE
\par GAN\tab 1:97-02882\tab CV97-11896\tab BOLTO_G*\tab BOLTON
\par GAN\tab 1:97-02883\tab CV97-11658\tab KNOWLE_R\tab WARD
\par GAN\tab 1:97-02884\tab CV97-11897\tab KNOWLE_R\tab ZETTLER
\par GAN\tab 1:97-02885\tab CV97-11659\tab KNOWLE_R\tab ROBERSON
\par GAN\tab 1:97-02886\tab CV97-11898\tab KNOWLE_R\tab ROBERTS
\par GAN\tab 1:97-02887\tab CV97-11660\tab BENNET_L\tab ROSS
\par GAN\tab 1:97-02888\tab CV97-11661\tab KNOWLE_R\tab SAUCIER
\par GAN\tab 1:97-02889\tab CV97-11662\tab KNOWLE_R\tab STAGG
\par GAN\tab 1:97-02890\tab CV97-11663\tab BENNET_L\tab STORY
\par GAN\tab 1:97-02929\tab CV97-11899\tab HAHN_BLA\tab BLUE
\par GAN\tab 1:97-02986\tab CV97-11900\tab HARREL_K\tab GLAZE
\par GAN\tab 1:97-02987\tab CV97-11901\tab HARREL_K\tab REITZ
\par GAN\tab 1:97-02988\tab CV97-11664\tab EDWAR_CL\tab MORGAN
\par GAN\tab 1:97-02989\tab CV97-11665\tab EDWAR_CL\tab LAWSON
\par GAN\tab 1:97-02990\tab CV97-11666\tab HARREL_K\tab RAY
\par GAN\tab 1:97-02991\tab CV98-12326\tab HARREL_K\tab SINGLEY
\par GAN\tab 1:97-02992\tab CV97-11902\tab HARREL_K\tab LOWELL
\par GAN\tab 1:97-02993\tab CV97-11667\tab EDWAR_CL\tab HOLLAND
\par GAN\tab 1:97-03052\tab CV98-12160\tab MOFFET_F\tab HAGEL
\par GAN\tab 1:97-03061\tab CV97-11903\tab LAMBRO_M\tab GODDARD
\par GAN\tab 1:97-03069\tab CV97-11904\tab KNOWLE_R\tab BARRETT
\par GAN\tab 1:97-03070\tab CV97-11905\tab KNOWLE_R\tab MILLIORN
\par GAN\tab 1:97-03071\tab CV97-11906\tab KNOWLE_R\tab FLEMING
\par GAN\tab 1:97-03072\tab CV97-11907\tab KNOWLE_R\tab MCGOWEN
\par GAN\tab 1:97-03082\tab CV97-11908\tab HERMAN_P\tab HANHAN
\par GAN\tab 1:97-03083\tab CV97-11909\tab HERMAN_P\tab HALE
\par GAN\tab 1:97-03158\tab CV97-11910\tab KNOWLE_R\tab GRABAU
\par GAN\tab 1:97-03159\tab CV97-11911\tab KNOWLE_R\tab HERMAN
\par GAN\tab 1:97-03160\tab CV97-11912\tab KNOWLE_R\tab NOEL
\par GAN\tab 1:97-03177\tab CV97-12178\tab PARHAM_M\tab BRADLEY
\par GAN\tab 1:97-03195\tab CV97-12179\tab BRYAN_LE\tab BENTLEY
\par GAN\tab 1:97-03196\tab CV97-12180\tab BRYAN_LE\tab INGLETT
\par \sect }\sectd \lndscpsxn\pgwsxn15840\pghsxn12240\marglsxn864\margrsxn864\margtsxn900\margbsxn864\sbknone\linex0\headery900\footery864\sectdefaultcl \pard\plain \qj\nowidctlpar
\tx-576\tx0\tx450\tx1656\tx2916\tx4086\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360\tx10800\tx11520\adjustright {\f2\fs16 GAN\tab 1:97-03215\tab CV97-12182\tab BRYAN_LE\tab ABERNATHY
\par GAN\tab 1:97-03216\tab CV97-12183\tab BRYAN_LE\tab CARTER
\par GAN\tab 1:97-03217\tab CV97-12184\tab BRYAN_LE\tab ESSEX
\par GAN\tab 1:97-03218\tab CV97-12185\tab BRYAN_LE\tab GUNN
\par GAN\tab 1:97-03219\tab CV97-12186\tab BRYAN_LE\tab MATTINGLY
\par GAN\tab 1:97-03220\tab CV97-12187\tab BRYAN_CH\tab STEWART
\par GAN\tab 1:97-03245\tab CV97-12188\tab BRYAN_LE\tab BLACK
\par GAN\tab 1:97-03246\tab CV97-12189\tab BRYAN_LE\tab FIELDS
\par GAN\tab 1:97-03247\tab CV97-12190\tab BRYAN_LE\tab GRAVES
\par GAN\tab 1:97-03248\tab CV97-12191\tab BRYAN_LE\tab HALL
\par GAN\tab 1:97-03249\tab CV97-12192\tab BRYAN_LE\tab HELTON
\par GAN\tab 1:97-03250\tab CV97-12193\tab BENNET_L\tab LYONS
\par GAN\tab 1:97-03251\tab CV97-12194\tab BRYAN_LE\tab MACHEN
\par GAN\tab 1:97-03252\tab CV97-12195\tab BRYAN_LE\tab NOONAN
\par GAN\tab 1:97-03253\tab CV97-12196\tab BRYAN_LE\tab PENNINGTON
\par GAN\tab 1:97-03254\tab CV97-12197\tab BRYAN_LE\tab PRINCE
\par GAN\tab 1:97-03255\tab CV97-12198\tab BRYAN_LE\tab ROBERTS
\par GAN\tab 1:97-03256\tab CV97-12199\tab BRYAN_LE\tab SANNES
\par GAN\tab 1:97-03257\tab CV97-12200\tab BRYAN_LE\tab SHABEL
\par GAN\tab 1:97-03258\tab CV97-12201\tab BRYAN_LE\tab SMITH
\par GAN\tab 1:97-03259\tab CV97-12202\tab BRYAN_LE\tab SMITH
\par GAN\tab 1:97-03260\tab CV97-12203\tab BRYAN_LE\tab STARR
\par GAN\tab 1:97-03261\tab CV97-12204\tab BRYAN_LE\tab ZIMMERMAN
\par GAN\tab 1:97-03262\tab CV97-12205\tab BRYAN_LE\tab WILKES
\par GAN\tab 1:97-03263\tab CV97-12206\tab BRYAN_LE\tab TACKETT
\par GAN\tab 1:97-03289\tab CV97-12207\tab HERMAN_P\tab DUNCAN
\par GAN\tab 1:97-03298\tab CV98-12026\tab SITTON_C\tab BLUE
\par GAN\tab 1:97-03325\tab CV97-12208\tab SHERMA_K\tab KOUSEK
\par GAN\tab 1:97-03366\tab CV98-10082\tab BRYAN_LE\tab HODGENS
\par GAN\tab 1:97-03367\tab CV98-10083\tab BRYAN_LE\tab LOCKERT
\par GAN\tab 1:97-03406\tab CV98-10084\tab BRYAN_LE\tab DECKER
\par GAN\tab 1:97-03407\tab CV98-10085\tab BRYAN_LE\tab HODGES
\par GAN\tab 1:97-03408\tab CV98-10086\tab BRYAN_LE\tab PICKLESIMER
\par GAN\tab 1:97-03409\tab CV98-10087\tab BRYAN_LE\tab SHEA
\par GAN\tab 1:97-03410\tab CV98-10088\tab BRYAN_LE\tab WALINSKI
\par GAN\tab 1:97-03433\tab CV98-10089\tab HAHN_BLA\tab ADAMS
\par GAN\tab 1:97-03475\tab CV98-10090\tab BRYAN_LE\tab HENNEBERGER
\par GAN\tab 1:97-03476\tab CV98-10091\tab BRYAN_LE\tab PHANEUF
\par GAN\tab 1:97-03477\tab CV98-10092\tab BRYAN_LE\tab ROBERTS
\par GAN\tab 1:97-03604\tab CV98-11293\tab SHERMA_K\tab STELLO
\par GAN\tab 1:97-03609\tab CV98-11294\tab HARREL_K\tab JENSEN
\par GAN\tab 1:97-03610\tab CV98-11295\tab HARREL_K\tab POPLIN
\par GAN\tab 1:97-03689\tab CV98-11296\tab BRYAN_LE\tab EVANS
\par GAN\tab 1:97-03690\tab CV98-11297\tab BRYAN_LE\tab FERRIELL
\par GAN\tab 1:97-03691\tab CV98-11298\tab BRYAN_LE\tab GEIGLER
\par GAN\tab 1:97-03692\tab CV98-11299\tab BRYAN_LE\tab GRIFFIN
\par GAN\tab 1:97-03693\tab CV98-11300\tab BRYAN_LE\tab WACHOVIA BANK, N.A.
\par GAN\tab 1:97-03694\tab CV98-11301\tab BRYAN_LE\tab QUINN
\par GAN\tab 1:97-03695\tab CV98-11302\tab BRYAN_LE\tab RODDY
\par GAN\tab 1:97-03696\tab CV98-11303\tab BRYAN_LE\tab SHACKLEFORD
\par \sect }\sectd \lndscpsxn\pgwsxn15840\pghsxn12240\marglsxn864\margrsxn864\margtsxn900\margbsxn864\sbknone\linex0\headery900\footery864\sectdefaultcl \pard\plain \qj\nowidctlpar
\tx-576\tx0\tx450\tx1656\tx2916\tx4086\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360\tx10800\tx11520\adjustright {\f2\fs16 GAN\tab 1:97-03697\tab CV98-11304\tab BRYAN_LE\tab SKOK
\par GAN\tab 1:97-03734\tab CV98-11305\tab BRYAN_LE\tab HUNT
\par GAN\tab 1:97-03822\tab CV98-11521\tab HAHN_BLA\tab JENKINS
\par GAN\tab 1:98-00067\tab CV98-11633\tab HAHN_BLA\tab PERRY
\par GAN\tab 1:98-00104\tab CV98-11634\tab STIL_EDW\tab MCBURNETT
\par GAN\tab 1:98-00156\tab CV98-11635\tab HUGO_MIC\tab WILLIAMS
\par GAN\tab 1:98-00277\tab CV98-11636\tab HAHN_BLA\tab CHISHOLM
\par GAN\tab 1:98-00278\tab CV98-11637\tab HAHN_BLA\tab JETER
\par GAN\tab 1:98-00805\tab CV98-11894\tab BRYAN_LE\tab CARROLL
\par GAN\tab 1:98-01487\tab CV98-12161\tab BRYAN_LE\tab ETHERIDGE
\par GAN\tab 2:97-00181\tab CV98-11306\tab HAHN_BLA\tab NICHOLLS
\par GAN\tab 2:98-00017\tab CV98-11895\tab BLANK_AN\tab MORGAN
\par GAN\tab 4:97-00353\tab CV98-10093\tab HAHN_BLA\tab SCOTT
\par GAN\tab 4:98-00032\tab CV98-11790\tab COLVIN_W\tab BAYLESS
\par GAS\tab 1:93-00169\tab CV93-13995\tab NICHOL_S\tab CUNNINGHAM
\par GAS\tab 1:97-00087\tab CV97-10632\tab NICHOL_S\tab CLYDE
\par GAS\tab 1:97-00189\tab CV97-11061\tab NICHOL_S\tab WALTON
\par GAS\tab 1:97-00264\tab CV98-10094\tab NICHOL_S\tab MUSHET
\par GAS\tab 1:98-00002\tab CV98-11522\tab NICHOL_S\tab PETERS
\par GAS\tab 4:92-00275\tab CV92-11180\tab MIDDLE_R\tab MCCORD
\par GAS\tab 4:97-00368\tab CV98-11523\tab SANDER_C\tab CRIBBS
\par GAS\tab 4:97-00369\tab CV98-11524\tab SANDER_C\tab WARENZAK
\par GAS\tab 4:97-00370\tab CV98-11525\tab SANDER_C\tab CRONE
\par GAS\tab 4:97-00371\tab CV98-11526\tab SANDER_C\tab POWERS
\par HI\tab 1:92-00031\tab CV92-10034\tab DUNLEA_D\tab HEATHER CASTELLANOS
\par HI\tab 1:92-00467\tab CV92-10487\tab HUSTON_J\tab F. ATANASOV
\par HI\tab 1:94-00523\tab CV94-13933\tab BOLTON_D\tab TOSCANO
\par HI\tab 1:97-00267\tab CV97-10391\tab HUTTON_M\tab CAMBURN
\par HI\tab 1:97-01052\tab CV97-11266\tab GRAB_GRE\tab BRAUNS
\par HI\tab 1:97-01398\tab CV97-11668\tab AGENA_ME\tab MURRAY
\par HI\tab 1:97-01401\tab CV97-11671\tab AGENA_ME\tab KEMP
\par HI\tab 1:97-01403\tab CV97-11673\tab AGENA_ME\tab TERUYA
\par HI\tab 1:97-01404\tab CV97-11674\tab AGENA_ME\tab COSTA
\par HI\tab 1:97-01406\tab CV97-11676\tab AGENA_ME\tab YAMASHITA
\par HI\tab 1:97-01564\tab CV98-10095\tab AGENA_ME\tab JOHNSTON
\par HI\tab 1:97-01565\tab CV98-10096\tab AGENA_ME\tab PAK
\par HI\tab 1:97-01576\tab CV98-10098\tab HUTTON_M\tab RANNEY
\par HI\tab 1:97-01624\tab CV98-11527\tab AGENA_ME\tab WADA
\par HI\tab 1:98-00031\tab CV98-11638\tab AGENA_ME\tab WALKER
\par HI\tab 1:98-00451\tab CV98-12164\tab GRAB_GRE\tab GILLUM
\par IAN\tab 2:97-01047\tab CV98-10099\tab JAMES_DW\tab WEYDERT
\par IAN\tab 3:98-03052\tab CV98-12327\tab NEESE_MA\tab JOHNSON
\par IAN\tab 5:94-04016\tab CV94-11862\tab PATTER_C\tab KEPLINGER
\par IAS\tab 1:98-80024\tab CV98-12084\tab MCCRIG_J\tab LEINEN
\par IAS\tab 4:97-80663\tab CV97-11914\tab CONLIN_R\tab GIRE
\par IAS\tab 4:97-80665\tab CV97-11915\tab HUGO_MIC\tab SMITH
\par IAS\tab 4:97-80794\tab CV98-11529\tab JAMES_DW\tab HENDERSON
\par IAS\tab 4:97-80816\tab CV98-11307\tab JAMES_DW\tab SCHMIDT
\par ILC\tab 1:97-01344\tab CV97-11677\tab HUTTON_M\tab CHAMBLIN
\par ILC\tab 2:93-02202\tab CV93-13265\tab GLASSO_T\tab HACKETT
\par \sect }\sectd \lndscpsxn\pgwsxn15840\pghsxn12240\marglsxn864\margrsxn864\margtsxn900\margbsxn864\sbknone\linex0\headery900\footery864\sectdefaultcl \pard\plain \qj\nowidctlpar
\tx-576\tx0\tx450\tx1656\tx2916\tx4086\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360\tx10800\tx11520\adjustright {\f2\fs16 ILC\tab 2:96-02226\tab CV96-12460\tab FACER_TH\tab BASDEN
\par ILC\tab 3:96-03104\tab CV97-10282\tab PLACK_M*\tab MARILYN PLACKE
\par ILN\tab 1:92-06845\tab CV92-11356\tab MOLL_KEN\tab SCOFIELD
\par ILN\tab 1:93-01195\tab CV93-12142\tab KELLY_TI\tab TUTTLE
\par ILN\tab 1:93-02887\tab CV93-13267\tab ROSIN_RO\tab KELLEY
\par ILN\tab 1:93-03243\tab CV93-12143\tab MAST_HAN\tab MENDEZ
\par ILN\tab 1:94-03825\tab CV94-14133\tab TIGHE_FR\tab BUIKEMA
\par ILN\tab 1:95-00598\tab CV95-10108\tab CARROL_R\tab SANTILLO
\par ILN\tab 1:97-03404\tab CV97-11063\tab SMITH_ZA\tab WHITAKER
\par ILN\tab 1:97-04283\tab CV97-11064\tab MOLL_KEN\tab MCCOY
\par ILN\tab 1:97-06233\tab CV97-11678\tab MOLL_KEN\tab BURCHARD
\par ILN\tab 1:97-06234\tab CV97-11679\tab MOLL_KEN\tab INGOLD
\par ILN\tab 1:97-06789\tab CV97-11916\tab HUTTON_M\tab PRIEBE
\par ILN\tab 1:97-07125\tab CV97-12209\tab HURD_MAT\tab BINDER
\par ILN\tab 1:97-07126\tab CV97-12210\tab MOLL_KEN\tab WALK
\par ILN\tab 1:97-07258\tab CV97-12211\tab MOLL_KEN\tab NEIMAN
\par ILN\tab 1:97-07448\tab CV98-10100\tab MULLEN_J\tab RUIZ
\par ILN\tab 1:97-07614\tab CV98-10101\tab MANCIN_A\tab ROSS
\par ILN\tab 1:98-00205\tab CV98-11791\tab MOLL_KEN\tab KNIGHT
\par ILN\tab 1:98-00704\tab CV98-12085\tab MANCIN_A\tab PETERSON
\par ILN\tab 1:98-02126\tab CV98-12086\tab KLEINM_H\tab LAHM-FISCHER
\par ILN\tab 3:92-20133\tab CV92-10497\tab BROWN_DJ\tab TEMPLE
\par ILN\tab 3:92-20178\tab CV92-10498\tab WAGNER_R\tab BEIMA
\par ILN\tab 3:97-50073\tab CV97-10334\tab REESE_BR\tab PETERS
\par ILN\tab 3:97-50286\tab CV97-11404\tab REESE_BR\tab LANDIS
\par ILN\tab 3:97-50301\tab CV97-11405\tab REESE_BR\tab HOPPER
\par ILN\tab 3:98-50100\tab CV98-12087\tab REESE_BR\tab AHLQUIST
\par ILS\tab 3:97-00653\tab CV97-11267\tab HOPKI_JJ\tab ZABOTKA
\par ILS\tab 4:97-04298\tab CV98-11792\tab KING_ROB\tab FUNK
\par ILS\tab 4:97-04315\tab CV98-10102\tab HUTTON_M\tab TAYLOR
\par INN\tab 1:97-00447\tab CV98-11308\tab FRIEND_T\tab KINDER
\par INN\tab 1:97-00450\tab CV98-11309\tab FRIEND_T\tab PURTEE
\par INN\tab 1:97-00451\tab CV98-11310\tab FRIEND_T\tab MARTIN
\par INN\tab 1:97-00452\tab CV98-11311\tab FRIEND_T\tab IRELAND
\par INN\tab 1:97-00457\tab CV98-11312\tab FRIEND_T\tab DULL
\par INN\tab 2:92-00182\tab CV92-10500\tab PETRI_VE\tab BERRISFORD
\par INN\tab 2:93-00034\tab CV93-11069\tab PETRI_VE\tab FLICK
\par INN\tab 2:97-00088\tab CV97-10394\tab BAHNER_R\tab OUELLET
\par INS\tab 1:92-00182\tab CV92-10702\tab PETRI_VE\tab BERRISFORD
\par INS\tab 1:97-00663\tab CV97-11506\tab YOUNG_DE\tab SMITH
\par INS\tab 1:97-01520\tab CV97-12344\tab YOUNG_DE\tab YOUNG
\par INS\tab 1:97-01604\tab CV98-12027\tab CLINE_LA\tab BROWN
\par INS\tab 1:97-01605\tab CV98-12088\tab CLINE_LA\tab ROBINETTE
\par INS\tab 1:98-00065\tab CV98-11793\tab POPP_CAT\tab ALLEN
\par INS\tab 1:98-00135\tab CV98-11794\tab YOUNG_DE\tab ARCHER
\par INS\tab 1:98-00136\tab CV98-11795\tab YOUNG_DE\tab MILES
\par INS\tab 1:98-00137\tab CV98-11796\tab RAMEY_MA\tab WRIGHT
\par INS\tab 1:98-00138\tab CV98-11797\tab YOUNG_DE\tab CRAIG
\par INS\tab 3:97-00064\tab CV97-10509\tab GREE_EDW\tab BAIZE
\par KS\tab 2:93-02371\tab CV93-13567\tab GEPFOR_L\tab BASKA
\par \sect }\sectd \lndscpsxn\pgwsxn15840\pghsxn12240\marglsxn864\margrsxn864\margtsxn900\margbsxn864\sbknone\linex0\headery900\footery864\sectdefaultcl \pard\plain \qj\nowidctlpar
\tx-576\tx0\tx450\tx1656\tx2916\tx4086\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360\tx10800\tx11520\adjustright {\f2\fs16 KS\tab 2:94-02508\tab CV95-10048\tab HAHN_BLA\tab WICKSTROM
\par KS\tab 2:97-02042\tab CV97-10197\tab CLOON_BR\tab FRANKLIN
\par KS\tab 2:97-02080\tab CV97-10198\tab SCHWA_JA\tab BALL
\par KS\tab 2:97-02300\tab CV97-10890\tab HUTTON_M\tab FOULSTON
\par KS\tab 2:97-02370\tab CV97-11067\tab TAYLOR_D\tab ELROD
\par KS\tab 2:97-02371\tab CV97-11068\tab TAYLOR_D\tab SCHWINDT
\par KS\tab 2:97-02453\tab CV97-11507\tab CLOON_BR\tab ROBERSTON
\par KS\tab 2:97-02491\tab CV97-11917\tab TAYLOR_D\tab DAVID
\par KS\tab 2:97-02495\tab CV97-11680\tab HUTTON_M\tab CLARK
\par KS\tab 2:97-02504\tab CV97-11918\tab CLOON_BR\tab LEVESQUE
\par KS\tab 2:97-02511\tab CV97-11920\tab SEXTON_M\tab D'ANGELO
\par KS\tab 2:97-02576\tab CV98-10105\tab CLOON_BR\tab JOHNSON
\par KS\tab 2:97-02577\tab CV98-10106\tab CLOON_BR\tab PAINE
\par KS\tab 2:97-02578\tab CV98-10107\tab CLOON_BR\tab SCULL
\par KS\tab 2:97-02599\tab CV98-11313\tab CLOON_BR\tab MOTLEY
\par KS\tab 2:97-02636\tab CV98-11316\tab CLOON_BR\tab MEADOWS
\par KS\tab 2:97-02637\tab CV98-11317\tab CLOON_BR\tab MILLER
\par KS\tab 2:97-02639\tab CV98-11319\tab CLOON_BR\tab VUKAS
\par KS\tab 2:98-02232\tab CV98-12165\tab CLOON_BR\tab HILTON
\par KS\tab 6:96-01476\tab CV97-10144\tab HUTTON_M\tab MARSHALL
\par KS\tab 6:97-01220\tab CV97-10752\tab HUTTON_M\tab WINKEL
\par KS\tab 6:97-01245\tab CV97-10755\tab HUTTON_M\tab DENNETT
\par KS\tab 6:97-01247\tab CV97-10757\tab HUTTON_M\tab HAINLINE
\par KS\tab 6:97-01248\tab CV97-10758\tab HUTTON_M\tab EDWARDS
\par KS\tab 6:97-01251\tab CV97-10761\tab HUTTON_M\tab DRAKE
\par KS\tab 6:97-01253\tab CV97-10763\tab HUTTON_M\tab WATERS
\par KS\tab 6:97-01254\tab CV97-10764\tab HUTTON_M\tab BROADUS
\par KS\tab 6:97-01275\tab CV97-10892\tab HUTTON_M\tab NEWLAND
\par KS\tab 6:97-01286\tab CV97-10893\tab HUTTON_M\tab REED
\par KS\tab 6:97-01287\tab CV97-10894\tab HUTTON_M\tab EMBRY
\par KS\tab 6:97-01288\tab CV97-10895\tab HUTTON_M\tab RINKE
\par KS\tab 6:97-01289\tab CV97-10896\tab HUTTON_M\tab RAMSEY
\par KS\tab 6:97-01290\tab CV97-10897\tab HUTTON_M\tab PARKHURST
\par KS\tab 6:97-01303\tab CV97-11069\tab HUTTON_M\tab RUMSEY
\par KS\tab 6:97-01304\tab CV97-11070\tab HUTTON_M\tab UNRUH
\par KS\tab 6:97-01305\tab CV97-11071\tab HUTTON_M\tab ANNA
\par KS\tab 6:97-01385\tab CV97-11508\tab HUTTON_M\tab SCHEETZ
\par KS\tab 6:97-01401\tab CV97-11681\tab HUTTON_M\tab TUCKER
\par KS\tab 6:97-01406\tab CV97-11686\tab HUTTON_M\tab DAY-LESH
\par KS\tab 6:97-01407\tab CV97-11687\tab HUTTON_M\tab CULLINANE
\par KS\tab 6:97-01408\tab CV97-11688\tab HUTTON_M\tab SCHWAB
\par KS\tab 6:97-01409\tab CV97-11689\tab HUTTON_M\tab NEAL
\par KS\tab 6:97-01419\tab CV97-11690\tab HUTTON_M\tab SILBERMAYR
\par KS\tab 6:97-01508\tab CV98-11320\tab HUTTON_M\tab ROLES
\par KS\tab 6:97-01509\tab CV98-11321\tab HUTTON_M\tab ENRIGHT-HAWKS
\par KS\tab 6:97-01540\tab CV98-11324\tab HUTTON_M\tab HOUNG
\par KYE\tab 0:98-00021\tab CV98-11799\tab HAHN_BLA\tab WYKLE
\par KYE\tab 2:93-00085\tab CV93-12259\tab HOCHBE_J\tab CONNOLLY
\par KYE\tab 2:96-00238\tab CV97-10199\tab METZ_JOH\tab O'HARA
\par KYE\tab 2:97-00016\tab CV97-10765\tab BECKER_G\tab WALTER
\par \sect }\sectd \lndscpsxn\pgwsxn15840\pghsxn12240\marglsxn864\margrsxn864\margtsxn900\margbsxn864\sbknone\linex0\headery900\footery864\sectdefaultcl \pard\plain \qj\nowidctlpar
\tx-576\tx0\tx450\tx1656\tx2916\tx4086\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360\tx10800\tx11520\adjustright {\f2\fs16 KYE\tab 2:97-00206\tab CV98-11639\tab DEUTSC_D\tab COLEMAN
\par KYE\tab 3:97-00059\tab CV97-11072\tab HUGHES_T\tab WALLACE
\par KYE\tab 5:97-00262\tab CV97-10901\tab MILLS_ME\tab RASUMS
\par KYE\tab 6:98-00099\tab CV98-11897\tab CARROL_T\tab CONN
\par KYE\tab 6:98-00220\tab CV98-12166\tab MILLS_ME\tab LATHAM
\par KYE\tab 7:93-00360\tab CV93-13569\tab BRENNE_L\tab MAGGARD
\par KYW\tab 1:98-00123\tab CV98-12293\tab ANDER_AN\tab TABOR
\par KYW\tab 1:98-00187\tab CV99-10007\tab HUGHES_T\tab BUEHL
\par KYW\tab 3:92-00479\tab CV92-10517\tab RENFRO_K\tab PAMELA JUSTICE
\par KYW\tab 3:94-00170\tab CV94-12176\tab CAMPB_JO\tab RIVOLI
\par KYW\tab 3:96-00181\tab CV96-11939\tab FRANKL_L\tab FELTS
\par KYW\tab 3:97-00449\tab CV97-11073\tab GRANT_RO\tab UNDERWOOD
\par KYW\tab 3:97-00555\tab CV97-11355\tab DEERIN_D\tab LEPPERT
\par KYW\tab 3:97-00778\tab CV98-11531\tab WIBLE_CH\tab NEVITT
\par KYW\tab 3:98-00231\tab CV98-12089\tab CLARK_FR\tab WESTON
\par KYW\tab 3:98-00500\tab CV98-12294\tab SALANS_T\tab BIZER
\par LAE\tab 1:98-01559\tab CV98-12367\tab MESSIN_J\tab DIANE LANGLEY
\par LAE\tab 2:92-02926\tab CV92-10815\tab CUDZIK_W\tab BEARDEN
\par LAE\tab 2:92-04141\tab CV93-10225\tab MURRAY_S\tab HEBERT
\par LAE\tab 2:93-00048\tab CV93-10427\tab CUDZIK_W\tab MARRERO
\par LAE\tab 2:93-00459\tab CV93-10751\tab CUDZIK_W\tab WILLIAMS
\par LAE\tab 2:94-00720\tab CV94-13042\tab WICKER_T\tab WALKER
\par LAE\tab 2:95-01934\tab CV95-10226\tab DELANE_L\tab JAMES
\par LAE\tab 2:95-02541\tab CV95-18103\tab DEGRAV_J\tab HOLLAWAY
\par LAE\tab 2:95-02578\tab CV95-18104\tab BART_MOR\tab SPITZFADEN
\par LAE\tab 2:96-02496\tab CV97-10093\tab COUVIL_D\tab SIRGO
\par LAE\tab 2:97-00185\tab CV97-10146\tab MINOR_PA\tab CARSON
\par LAE\tab 2:97-00895\tab CV97-10397\tab ZAINEY_J\tab MENDOZA
\par LAE\tab 2:97-02187\tab CV97-11074\tab CASHIO_S\tab TREFNY
\par LAE\tab 2:98-00316\tab CV98-11640\tab HOWAR_DD\tab BECK
\par LAE\tab 2:98-00757\tab CV98-11898\tab LEGER_WA\tab VU
\par LAE\tab 2:98-00758\tab CV98-11899\tab LEGER_WA\tab SMITH
\par LAE\tab 2:98-00788\tab CV98-11900\tab PEDERS_S\tab KAMPEN
\par LAE\tab 2:98-01502\tab CV98-12167\tab LEGER_WA\tab ARIAS
\par LAE\tab 2:98-01542\tab CV98-12168\tab ANDRY_GI\tab JONGEBLOOD
\par LAE\tab 2:98-01543\tab CV98-12090\tab ANDRY_JO\tab ZAPPULA
\par LAE\tab 2:98-01544\tab CV98-12169\tab ANDRY_JO\tab WELCH
\par LAE\tab 2:98-01699\tab CV98-12189\tab LEGER_WA\tab MILAZO
\par LAE\tab 2:98-01700\tab CV98-12190\tab ANDRY_JO\tab RADOSTI
\par LAE\tab 2:98-02060\tab CV98-12258\tab ANDRY_GI\tab DUCOTE
\par LAE\tab 2:98-02771\tab CV98-12328\tab ROBIN_JO\tab CLIFT
\par LAE\tab 2:98-03549\tab CV99-10008\tab LEGER_WA\tab KIM
\par LAE\tab 2:98-03550\tab CV99-10009\tab LEGER_WA\tab STONEKING
\par LAE\tab 2:98-03551\tab CV99-10010\tab LEGER_WA\tab ZIEGLER
\par LAE\tab 2:98-03552\tab CV99-10011\tab LEGER_WA\tab REASAN
\par LAE\tab 2:98-03553\tab CV99-10012\tab LEGER_WA\tab LOWERY
\par LAE\tab 2:98-03555\tab CV99-10013\tab CUNARD_R\tab MOSER
\par LAE\tab 2:98-03789\tab CV99-10051\tab FRISCH_L\tab JOBERT
\par LAM\tab 3:92-00552\tab CV92-10816\tab BARNES_W\tab SOILEAU
\par LAM\tab 3:94-00472\tab CV94-13082\tab CUNARD_R\tab DUCOTE
\par \sect }\sectd \lndscpsxn\pgwsxn15840\pghsxn12240\marglsxn864\margrsxn864\margtsxn900\margbsxn864\sbknone\linex0\headery900\footery864\sectdefaultcl \pard\plain \qj\nowidctlpar
\tx-576\tx0\tx450\tx1656\tx2916\tx4086\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360\tx10800\tx11520\adjustright {\f2\fs16 LAM\tab 3:98-00052\tab CV98-11901\tab WELLS_RA\tab DAVIS
\par LAM\tab 3:98-00481\tab CV98-12170\tab ANDRY_JO\tab CARACCIOLI
\par LAM\tab 3:98-00489\tab CV98-12191\tab LEGER_WA\tab LENARD
\par LAM\tab 3:98-00579\tab CV98-12259\tab ANDRY_GI\tab ARDOIN
\par LAW\tab 1:98-00999\tab CV98-12192\tab LEGER_WA\tab VOINCHE
\par LAW\tab 3:98-01420\tab CV98-12295\tab ANDRY_JO\tab ADAMS
\par LAW\tab 3:98-01519\tab CV98-12296\tab ANDRY_JO\tab BULLOCH
\par LAW\tab 3:98-02268\tab CV99-10052\tab LEGER_WA\tab HUCKABAY
\par LAW\tab 3:98-02291\tab CV99-10053\tab LEGER_WA\tab ADAMS
\par LAW\tab 5:93-00708\tab CV93-12150\tab LANDRY_B\tab MASON
\par LAW\tab 5:93-01249\tab CV93-13057\tab WALL_DAV\tab WELLS
\par LAW\tab 5:93-01375\tab CV93-13593\tab LANDRY_B\tab BIRCHFIELD
\par LAW\tab 5:93-01948\tab CV94-10389\tab SHOWER_J\tab BATES
\par LAW\tab 5:94-00063\tab CV94-10957\tab SHOWER_J\tab LUCKOW
\par LAW\tab 5:94-00682\tab CV94-13122\tab RATZBU_F\tab LABORDE
\par LAW\tab 5:94-01097\tab CV94-13791\tab MITCHE_G\tab BODENHEIMER
\par LAW\tab 5:94-01714\tab CV94-14514\tab CLAWSO_W\tab GUTHRIE
\par LAW\tab 5:95-01439\tab CV95-13427\tab KAVANA_D\tab CAGE
\par LAW\tab 5:95-01440\tab CV95-13428\tab HUCKAB_P\tab ROBERSON
\par LAW\tab 5:96-00776\tab CV96-12156\tab KEENE_RA\tab CARSCADDEN
\par LAW\tab 5:97-01003\tab CV97-10766\tab KEENE_RA\tab OLIVER
\par LAW\tab 5:97-01287\tab CV97-11075\tab KEENE_RA\tab NEWHOUSE
\par LAW\tab 5:97-02275\tab CV98-11800\tab LEMOIN_G\tab POPE-JOHNSON
\par LAW\tab 5:98-02267\tab CV99-10054\tab LEGER_WA\tab SHARP
\par LAW\tab 5:98-02271\tab CV99-10055\tab KEENE_RA\tab EDWARDS
\par LAW\tab 6:97-01033\tab CV97-10902\tab DEJEAN_K\tab EDGAR
\par LAW\tab 6:97-02514\tab CV98-11801\tab ANDRUS_V\tab CORRERO
\par LAW\tab 6:98-02269\tab CV99-10056\tab LEGER_WA\tab HEBERT
\par LAW\tab 6:98-02270\tab CV99-10057\tab LEGER_WA\tab WEINBERG
\par MA\tab 1:92-12827\tab CV93-11377\tab NISSEN_E\tab DOE
\par MA\tab 1:93-11988\tab CV94-10108\tab BUSCON_S\tab STAHL
\par MA\tab 1:93-12291\tab CV94-10967\tab MONE_MIC\tab GORMAN
\par MA\tab 1:94-12567\tab CV95-10078\tab DESIMO_M\tab HOBART
\par MA\tab 1:97-12598\tab CV98-12091\tab ELLI_FRE\tab IRISH
\par MA\tab 1:98-10167\tab CV98-11805\tab DENVER_P\tab SACCONE
\par MA\tab 1:98-10502\tab CV98-11903\tab FLANDE_A\tab CIRRONE
\par MA\tab 1:98-10741\tab CV98-12092\tab FLANDE_A\tab SMITH
\par MA\tab 1:98-10756\tab CV98-12094\tab ELLI_FRE\tab GOLDKAMP
\par MA\tab 1:98-10815\tab CV98-12095\tab FLANDE_A\tab DANESH
\par MA\tab 1:98-10897\tab CV98-12096\tab FLANDE_A\tab STURM
\par MA\tab 1:98-10932\tab CV98-12097\tab FLANDE_A\tab PEACH
\par MA\tab 1:98-10933\tab CV98-12098\tab FLANDE_A\tab MASSE
\par MA\tab 1:98-10947\tab CV98-12099\tab FLANDE_A\tab SEIGLE
\par MA\tab 1:98-10958\tab CV98-12193\tab FLANDE_A\tab KOLAREVIC
\par MA\tab 1:98-10971\tab CV98-12100\tab FLANDE_A\tab DAVIS
\par MA\tab 1:98-10972\tab CV98-12101\tab FLANDE_A\tab HOFFMAN
\par MA\tab 1:98-10973\tab CV98-12102\tab FLANDE_A\tab BOZZA
\par MA\tab 1:98-10974\tab CV98-12103\tab FLANDE_A\tab DUNN
\par MA\tab 1:98-10975\tab CV98-12104\tab FLANDE_A\tab MULLEN
\par MA\tab 1:98-10976\tab CV98-12105\tab FLANDE_A\tab HOLLAND
\par \sect }\sectd \lndscpsxn\pgwsxn15840\pghsxn12240\marglsxn864\margrsxn864\margtsxn900\margbsxn864\sbknone\linex0\headery900\footery864\sectdefaultcl \pard\plain \qj\nowidctlpar
\tx-576\tx0\tx450\tx1656\tx2916\tx4086\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360\tx10800\tx11520\adjustright {\f2\fs16 MA\tab 1:98-10977\tab CV98-12106\tab FLANDE_A\tab FRANCIS
\par MA\tab 1:98-10978\tab CV98-12107\tab FLANDE_A\tab TEXEIRA
\par MA\tab 1:98-10979\tab CV98-12108\tab FLANDE_A\tab GAUDET
\par MA\tab 1:98-10980\tab CV98-12109\tab FLANDE_A\tab ALLEN
\par MA\tab 1:98-10981\tab CV98-12110\tab FLANDE_A\tab SURETTE
\par MA\tab 1:98-10982\tab CV98-12111\tab FLANDE_A\tab FISHER
\par MA\tab 1:98-10983\tab CV98-12112\tab FLANDE_A\tab GREENSTONE
\par MA\tab 1:98-10984\tab CV98-12113\tab FLANDE_A\tab DISARRO
\par MA\tab 1:98-10985\tab CV98-12114\tab FLANDE_A\tab CONNORS
\par MA\tab 1:98-10986\tab CV98-12115\tab FLANDE_A\tab COLLARD
\par MA\tab 1:98-11144\tab CV98-12194\tab HUGO_MIC\tab WALBA
\par MA\tab 1:98-11145\tab CV98-12195\tab HUGO_MIC\tab THEODORE
\par MA\tab 3:92-30206\tab CV92-11076\tab GOGEL_KE\tab ZIMMERMAN-LIPSTON
\par MA\tab 3:93-30092\tab CV93-11645\tab ELLI_FRE\tab DOE
\par MD\tab 1:94-00028\tab CV94-10973\tab PRETL_MI\tab GAMBLE
\par MD\tab 1:94-00513\tab CV94-12829\tab BRYANT_R\tab ARBIC
\par MD\tab 1:96-01998\tab CV97-10398\tab ASH_J. D\tab OLSZEWSKI
\par MD\tab 1:97-00116\tab CV97-10202\tab COHEN_BM\tab BAUER
\par MD\tab 1:97-00304\tab CV97-10335\tab PRETL_MI\tab FLEMING
\par MD\tab 1:97-00753\tab CV97-10767\tab JOHNS_DE\tab GORGEI
\par MD\tab 1:97-01921\tab CV97-11076\tab PRETL_MI\tab LINDSAY
\par MD\tab 1:97-02233\tab CV97-11273\tab HAHN_BLA\tab CADDEN
\par MD\tab 1:97-02326\tab CV97-12213\tab JOHNS_DE\tab MORRIS
\par MD\tab 1:97-02977\tab CV97-11410\tab HAHN_BLA\tab PEARSE
\par MD\tab 1:97-03027\tab CV98-10110\tab PRETL_MI\tab NONEMAKER
\par MD\tab 1:97-03107\tab CV98-10111\tab PRETL_MI\tab HARRIS
\par MD\tab 1:97-03108\tab CV98-12368\tab PRETL_MI\tab ANGELES
\par MD\tab 1:97-03109\tab CV98-10112\tab PRETL_MI\tab FENNER
\par MD\tab 1:97-03110\tab CV97-11930\tab PRETL_MI\tab COWEN
\par MD\tab 1:97-03169\tab CV98-10113\tab PRETL_MI\tab HITSELBERGER
\par MD\tab 1:97-03170\tab CV97-11931\tab PRETL_MI\tab SHAW
\par MD\tab 1:97-03171\tab CV97-11932\tab PRETL_MI\tab LUKAS
\par MD\tab 1:97-03172\tab CV98-10114\tab PRETL_MI\tab LAWLIS
\par MD\tab 1:97-03173\tab CV98-10115\tab PRETL_MI\tab HUSK
\par MD\tab 1:97-03201\tab CV98-12329\tab PRETL_MI\tab INKSTER
\par MD\tab 1:97-03307\tab CV98-10116\tab PRETL_MI\tab FAULKNER
\par MD\tab 1:97-03309\tab CV98-12330\tab PRETL_MI\tab HEIDERMAN
\par MD\tab 1:97-03387\tab CV97-12214\tab PRETL_MI\tab GRIFFITH
\par MD\tab 1:97-03388\tab CV98-10117\tab PRETL_MI\tab BURCH
\par MD\tab 1:97-03389\tab CV98-10118\tab PRETL_MI\tab PETRY
\par MD\tab 1:97-03632\tab CV98-12369\tab PRETL_MI\tab BARRETT
\par MD\tab 1:97-03641\tab CV98-11807\tab JOHNS_DE\tab COTTON
\par MD\tab 1:97-03652\tab CV98-10119\tab PRETL_MI\tab DAVIS
\par MD\tab 1:97-03653\tab CV98-11808\tab PRETL_MI\tab KIRK
\par MD\tab 1:97-03654\tab CV98-10120\tab PRETL_MI\tab GORDON
\par MD\tab 1:97-03655\tab CV98-10121\tab PRETL_MI\tab SELLERS
\par MD\tab 1:97-03656\tab CV98-10122\tab PRETL_MI\tab BITTLE
\par MD\tab 1:97-03657\tab CV98-10123\tab PRETL_MI\tab CLARK
\par MD\tab 1:97-03658\tab CV98-10124\tab PRETL_MI\tab DIPASQUALE
\par MD\tab 1:97-03659\tab CV98-10125\tab PRETL_MI\tab CROCKETT
\par \sect }\sectd \lndscpsxn\pgwsxn15840\pghsxn12240\marglsxn864\margrsxn864\margtsxn900\margbsxn864\sbknone\linex0\headery900\footery864\sectdefaultcl \pard\plain \qj\nowidctlpar
\tx-576\tx0\tx450\tx1656\tx2916\tx4086\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360\tx10800\tx11520\adjustright {\f2\fs16 MD\tab 1:97-03660\tab CV98-11809\tab PRETL_MI\tab LINDNER
\par MD\tab 1:97-03662\tab CV98-10126\tab PRETL_MI\tab WALKER
\par MD\tab 1:97-03749\tab CV98-10127\tab PRETL_MI\tab METZINGER
\par MD\tab 1:97-03750\tab CV98-11327\tab PRETL_MI\tab RASNAKE
\par MD\tab 1:97-03751\tab CV98-10128\tab PRETL_MI\tab ROSS
\par MD\tab 1:97-03755\tab CV98-12331\tab PRETL_MI\tab GUERRIERO
\par MD\tab 1:97-03756\tab CV98-10129\tab PRETL_MI\tab HLOZEK
\par MD\tab 1:97-03759\tab CV98-10130\tab PRETL_MI\tab KLEIN
\par MD\tab 1:97-03760\tab CV98-10131\tab PRETL_MI\tab GIBBS
\par MD\tab 1:97-03761\tab CV98-12297\tab PRETL_MI\tab GILLAND
\par MD\tab 1:97-03762\tab CV98-10132\tab PRETL_MI\tab COHEN
\par MD\tab 1:97-03763\tab CV98-10133\tab PRETL_MI\tab CONOVER
\par MD\tab 1:97-03764\tab CV98-10134\tab PRETL_MI\tab DELLA
\par MD\tab 1:97-03765\tab CV98-10135\tab PRETL_MI\tab DETTMAN
\par MD\tab 1:97-03767\tab CV98-10136\tab PRETL_MI\tab CARRICK
\par MD\tab 1:97-03768\tab CV98-10137\tab PRETL_MI\tab CHARPIAT
\par MD\tab 1:97-03769\tab CV98-11810\tab PRETL_MI\tab BLAIR
\par MD\tab 1:97-03794\tab CV98-11328\tab PRETL_MI\tab MILLER
\par MD\tab 1:97-03832\tab CV98-11811\tab PRETL_MI\tab BYRNS
\par MD\tab 1:97-03833\tab CV98-11812\tab PRETL_MI\tab CRAWFORD
\par MD\tab 1:97-03835\tab CV98-11813\tab PRETL_MI\tab ORZECHOWSKI
\par MD\tab 1:97-03837\tab CV98-11814\tab PRETL_MI\tab TAYLOR
\par MD\tab 1:97-03854\tab CV98-10138\tab PRETL_MI\tab WINTER
\par MD\tab 1:97-03856\tab CV98-11815\tab PRETL_MI\tab RIDGLEY
\par MD\tab 1:97-03857\tab CV98-10139\tab PRETL_MI\tab DEZMON
\par MD\tab 1:97-03858\tab CV98-12298\tab PRETL_MI\tab ALLEN
\par MD\tab 1:97-03883\tab CV98-10140\tab PRETL_MI\tab MEADOWS
\par MD\tab 1:97-03884\tab CV98-11329\tab PRETL_MI\tab SULLIVAN
\par MD\tab 1:97-03946\tab CV98-11816\tab PRETL_MI\tab ANTONIS
\par MD\tab 1:97-03947\tab CV98-11330\tab PRETL_MI\tab SUTER
\par MD\tab 1:97-03951\tab CV98-11331\tab PRETL_MI\tab STEINACKER
\par MD\tab 1:97-03952\tab CV98-11332\tab PRETL_MI\tab HARARI
\par MD\tab 1:97-03954\tab CV98-10141\tab PRETL_MI\tab MATTISON
\par MD\tab 1:97-03955\tab CV98-11333\tab PRETL_MI\tab BARBOUR
\par MD\tab 1:97-03956\tab CV98-11334\tab PRETL_MI\tab HOLLINGSWORTH
\par MD\tab 1:97-03968\tab CV98-11335\tab PRETL_MI\tab KRUSE
\par MD\tab 1:97-03972\tab CV98-11817\tab PRETL_MI\tab WEITZEL
\par MD\tab 1:97-03974\tab CV98-11336\tab PRETL_MI\tab CLARK
\par MD\tab 1:97-03975\tab CV98-12332\tab PRETL_MI\tab MEDICUS
\par MD\tab 1:97-03976\tab CV98-12333\tab PRETL_MI\tab WONG
\par MD\tab 1:97-03978\tab CV98-11337\tab PRETL_MI\tab MURPHY-MILLER
\par MD\tab 1:97-03979\tab CV98-12334\tab PRETL_MI\tab ANDREWS
\par MD\tab 1:97-03980\tab CV98-12335\tab PRETL_MI\tab HENNESSY
\par MD\tab 1:97-04069\tab CV98-12336\tab PRETL_MI\tab OTTONE, ETC.
\par MD\tab 1:97-04098\tab CV98-11818\tab PRETL_MI\tab CURTIS
\par MD\tab 1:97-04260\tab CV98-11642\tab PRETL_MI\tab BRENNAN
\par MD\tab 1:97-04261\tab CV98-11819\tab PRETL_MI\tab RODGERS
\par MD\tab 1:98-00008\tab CV98-11820\tab JOHNS_DE\tab ROBERTS
\par MD\tab 1:98-00309\tab CV98-11904\tab JOHNS_DE\tab STASULLI
\par MD\tab 1:98-00310\tab CV98-11821\tab ROSELL_L\tab POTTER
\par \sect }\sectd \lndscpsxn\pgwsxn15840\pghsxn12240\marglsxn864\margrsxn864\margtsxn900\margbsxn864\sbknone\linex0\headery900\footery864\sectdefaultcl \pard\plain \qj\nowidctlpar
\tx-576\tx0\tx450\tx1656\tx2916\tx4086\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360\tx10800\tx11520\adjustright {\f2\fs16 MD\tab 1:98-00370\tab CV98-11905\tab PRETL_MI\tab CHRISTMAS
\par MD\tab 1:98-01264\tab CV98-12116\tab HOOPER_W\tab MCCAULEY
\par MD\tab 1:98-01974\tab CV98-12260\tab PRETL_MI\tab MARTINEZ
\par MD\tab 1:98-03717\tab CV99-10014\tab PIVEN_CH\tab GARLISS
\par MD\tab 8:96-03887\tab CV97-10336\tab MARCUS_B\tab WRIGHT
\par MD\tab 8:97-01625\tab CV97-11077\tab PRETL_MI\tab MOORE
\par MD\tab 8:97-02978\tab CV97-11411\tab HAHN_BLA\tab CREW
\par MD\tab 8:97-03649\tab CV98-10142\tab GENTIL_T\tab DAVIS
\par MD\tab 8:97-03661\tab CV98-10143\tab PRETL_MI\tab TILLERY
\par MD\tab 8:97-03692\tab CV98-11822\tab JOHNS_DE\tab HEON
\par MD\tab 8:97-03752\tab CV98-11823\tab PRETL_MI\tab SEZER
\par MD\tab 8:97-03753\tab CV98-10144\tab PRETL_MI\tab STEWART
\par MD\tab 8:97-03754\tab CV98-10145\tab PRETL_MI\tab MARTINI
\par MD\tab 8:97-03757\tab CV98-10146\tab PRETL_MI\tab HUNGERFORD
\par MD\tab 8:97-03758\tab CV98-11338\tab PRETL_MI\tab JENKINS
\par MD\tab 8:97-03766\tab CV98-10147\tab PRETL_MI\tab FISHMAN
\par MD\tab 8:97-03770\tab CV98-11824\tab PRETL_MI\tab BOWYTZ
\par MD\tab 8:97-03771\tab CV98-11825\tab PRETL_MI\tab BURKE
\par MD\tab 8:97-03791\tab CV98-11339\tab PRETL_MI\tab STRICKLAND
\par MD\tab 8:97-03828\tab CV98-11826\tab PRETL_MI\tab BLYMYER
\par MD\tab 8:97-03834\tab CV98-11827\tab PRETL_MI\tab HINTON
\par MD\tab 8:97-03836\tab CV98-11828\tab PRETL_MI\tab PETERSON
\par MD\tab 8:97-03855\tab CV98-11829\tab PRETL_MI\tab SCOTT
\par MD\tab 8:97-03885\tab CV98-12337\tab PRETL_MI\tab HAUGHTON
\par MD\tab 8:97-03886\tab CV98-10148\tab PRETL_MI\tab SARANG
\par MD\tab 8:97-03887\tab CV98-10149\tab PRETL_MI\tab BYWATER
\par MD\tab 8:97-03948\tab CV98-11340\tab PRETL_MI\tab ROGERS
\par MD\tab 8:97-03949\tab CV98-11341\tab PRETL_MI\tab SMITH
\par MD\tab 8:97-03953\tab CV98-11342\tab PRETL_MI\tab THOMPSON
\par MD\tab 8:97-03973\tab CV98-11343\tab PRETL_MI\tab MILLER
\par MD\tab 8:97-03977\tab CV98-11344\tab PRETL_MI\tab SAM
\par MD\tab 8:97-03983\tab CV98-12338\tab PRETL_MI\tab GOTTLIEB
\par MD\tab 8:97-03985\tab CV98-11345\tab PRETL_MI\tab RICHARDSON
\par MD\tab 8:97-03992\tab CV98-11346\tab PRETL_MI\tab CHALASOCHORIS
\par MD\tab 8:97-04175\tab CV98-12028\tab PRETL_MI\tab MATHERS
\par MD\tab 8:97-04247\tab CV98-11830\tab PRETL_MI\tab DEL GALLO
\par MD\tab 8:97-04249\tab CV98-11831\tab PRETL_MI\tab GEORGANAS
\par MD\tab 8:97-04250\tab CV98-11832\tab PRETL_MI\tab DANIELS
\par MD\tab 8:97-04314\tab CV98-11643\tab PRETL_MI\tab HOOPER
\par MD\tab 8:98-00058\tab CV98-12339\tab PRETL_MI\tab KING
\par ME\tab 1:97-00248\tab CV97-12345\tab POLLAC_S\tab YOUNG
\par ME\tab 2:97-00296\tab CV97-12216\tab POLLAC_S\tab MORAN
\par ME\tab 2:97-00316\tab CV97-12217\tab POLLAC_S\tab RANDALL
\par ME\tab 2:97-00348\tab CV98-10150\tab POLLAC_S\tab HAROUTUNIAN
\par ME\tab 2:97-00351\tab CV98-10151\tab POLLAC_S\tab CHAISSON
\par ME\tab 2:97-00354\tab CV98-10152\tab POLLAC_S\tab BONSAINT
\par ME\tab 2:97-00357\tab CV98-10153\tab LEIFER_N\tab DAHL
\par ME\tab 2:97-00358\tab CV98-10154\tab POLLAC_S\tab TAYLOR
\par MIE\tab 2:93-73857\tab CV93-13606\tab BLACK_DA\tab ZOLVJE
\par MIE\tab 2:93-73861\tab CV93-13609\tab BLACK_DA\tab UNDERWOOD
\par \sect }\sectd \lndscpsxn\pgwsxn15840\pghsxn12240\marglsxn864\margrsxn864\margtsxn900\margbsxn864\sbknone\linex0\headery900\footery864\sectdefaultcl \pard\plain \qj\nowidctlpar
\tx-576\tx0\tx450\tx1656\tx2916\tx4086\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360\tx10800\tx11520\adjustright {\f2\fs16 MIE\tab 2:94-72723\tab CV94-14152\tab BLACK_DA\tab CAMPEAU
\par MIE\tab 2:94-72724\tab CV94-14153\tab BLACK_DA\tab STANLEY
\par MIE\tab 2:94-72725\tab CV94-14154\tab BLACK_DA\tab FOX
\par MIE\tab 2:95-74985\tab CV96-11731\tab SHEA_DAV\tab TAYLOR
\par MIE\tab 2:96-71404\tab CV96-12230\tab GARRE_JO\tab PRIEST
\par MIE\tab 2:96-71891\tab CV96-12204\tab COREY_LO\tab COMINS
\par MIE\tab 2:96-72077\tab CV96-12251\tab LEONE_JO\tab CHAHILL
\par MIE\tab 2:96-75430\tab CV97-10094\tab CHARFO_L\tab ST. PIERRE
\par MIE\tab 2:96-75572\tab CV98-12299\tab PETER_JO\tab KRIOVAN
\par MIE\tab 2:97-30378\tab CV97-12218\tab KNOWLE_R\tab ABRAMS
\par MIE\tab 2:97-30379\tab CV97-12219\tab KNOWLE_R\tab ANNEKEN
\par MIE\tab 2:97-30381\tab CV97-12220\tab KNOWLE_R\tab MORAN
\par MIE\tab 2:97-30385\tab CV97-12221\tab PETER_JO\tab MILLER
\par MIE\tab 2:97-30413\tab CV98-10155\tab KNOWLE_R\tab ARNOLD
\par MIE\tab 2:97-70105\tab CV97-10511\tab CHARFO_L\tab CUSENZA
\par MIE\tab 2:97-71165\tab CV97-10457\tab JANKS_GR\tab HANNAH BECKHAM
\par MIE\tab 2:97-71281\tab CV98-11833\tab PETER_JO\tab OBERLIN
\par MIE\tab 2:97-75324\tab CV98-10157\tab PAPANT_M\tab PALA
\par MIE\tab 2:97-76247\tab CV98-11534\tab CHARFO_L\tab PICANO
\par MIE\tab 2:98-00003\tab CV98-11834\tab KNOWLE_R\tab KIRKPATRICK
\par MIE\tab 2:98-00004\tab CV98-11835\tab KNOWLE_R\tab SHAHNARIAN
\par MIE\tab 2:98-00005\tab CV98-11907\tab KNOWLE_R\tab WOAD
\par MIE\tab 2:98-00006\tab CV98-11908\tab KNOWLE_R\tab ASHCRAFT
\par MIE\tab 2:98-00007\tab CV98-11909\tab KNOWLE_R\tab APPEL
\par MIE\tab 2:98-00008\tab CV98-11910\tab KNOWLE_R\tab KING
\par MIE\tab 2:98-00009\tab CV98-11911\tab KNOWLE_R\tab CATES
\par MIE\tab 2:98-00013\tab CV98-12030\tab KNOWLE_R\tab WILSON
\par MIE\tab 2:98-00015\tab CV98-12196\tab KNOWLE_R\tab MAY
\par MIE\tab 2:98-00784\tab CV98-12197\tab KNOWLE_R\tab BRUMBAUGH
\par MIE\tab 2:98-00785\tab CV98-12198\tab KNOWLE_R\tab KHANNA
\par MIE\tab 2:98-00786\tab CV98-12199\tab KNOWLE_R\tab GRIFFITH
\par MIE\tab 2:98-00787\tab CV98-12200\tab KNOWLE_R\tab EPPERLY
\par MIE\tab 2:98-00788\tab CV98-12201\tab KNOWLE_R\tab FORD
\par MIE\tab 2:98-00789\tab CV98-12202\tab KNOWLE_R\tab COX
\par MIE\tab 2:98-00790\tab CV98-12203\tab KNOWLE_R\tab JOHNSON
\par MIE\tab 2:98-00791\tab CV98-12204\tab KNOWLE_R\tab BUNIN
\par MIE\tab 2:98-00792\tab CV98-12205\tab KNOWLE_R\tab JUERGENS
\par MIE\tab 2:98-00793\tab CV98-12206\tab KNOWLE_R\tab PRENTICE
\par MIE\tab 2:98-00794\tab CV98-12207\tab KNOWLE_R\tab BRIGGS
\par MIE\tab 2:98-00795\tab CV98-12208\tab KNOWLE_R\tab SWEICICKI
\par MIE\tab 2:98-00796\tab CV98-12209\tab KNOWLE_R\tab NGUYEN
\par MIE\tab 2:98-00797\tab CV98-12210\tab KNOWLE_R\tab DORAN
\par MIE\tab 2:98-01894\tab CV98-12300\tab HUGO_MIC\tab MORSE
\par MIE\tab 2:98-01895\tab CV98-12301\tab HUGO_MIC\tab HORTON
\par MIE\tab 2:98-01961\tab CV98-12340\tab KNOWLE_R\tab LANGLOIS
\par MIE\tab 2:98-71302\tab CV98-11912\tab SMIT_JOS\tab LAVELLE
\par MIE\tab 2:98-71303\tab CV98-11913\tab BLEAKL_T\tab CLARK
\par MIE\tab 2:98-71365\tab CV98-12032\tab CURRA_MA\tab MIRONSKI
\par MIE\tab 2:98-71535\tab CV98-12211\tab MCKEEN_B\tab FERRELL
\par MIE\tab 2:98-72219\tab CV98-12212\tab MCKEEN_B\tab FERRELL
\par \sect }\sectd \lndscpsxn\pgwsxn15840\pghsxn12240\marglsxn864\margrsxn864\margtsxn900\margbsxn864\sbknone\linex0\headery900\footery864\sectdefaultcl \pard\plain \qj\nowidctlpar
\tx-576\tx0\tx450\tx1656\tx2916\tx4086\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360\tx10800\tx11520\adjustright {\f2\fs16 MIE\tab 2:98-72338\tab CV98-12213\tab CHARFO_L\tab BODARY
\par MIE\tab 2:98-72340\tab CV98-12214\tab CHARFO_L\tab ARTHUR
\par MIE\tab 2:98-72347\tab CV98-12215\tab PETER_JO\tab ENNIS
\par MIE\tab 2:98-72348\tab CV98-12216\tab PETER_JO\tab DAVIS
\par MIE\tab 2:98-72398\tab CV98-12217\tab CHARFO_L\tab HARRIS
\par MIE\tab 2:98-72473\tab CV98-12218\tab CHARFO_L\tab GRIFFITH
\par MIE\tab 2:98-72475\tab CV98-12219\tab CHARFO_L\tab WASHINGTON
\par MIE\tab 2:98-73781\tab CV98-12341\tab HARBOU_N\tab DEMENT
\par MIW\tab 1:97-01000\tab CV98-11644\tab BLACK_DA\tab DONAHUE
\par MIW\tab 1:98-00174\tab CV98-11915\tab WILL_PAU\tab SELLECK
\par MIW\tab 4:97-00400\tab CV97-10562\tab CLOON_BR\tab PATRICIA GREGO
\par MIW\tab 4:97-00541\tab CV97-10563\tab CLOON_BR\tab SONDRA SUMMERS-HOPKINS
\par MN\tab 0:97-00184\tab CV97-10338\tab NEESE_MA\tab HAINES
\par MN\tab 0:97-00185\tab CV97-10149\tab NEESE_MA\tab JUSTER
\par MN\tab 0:97-00500\tab CV97-10343\tab ZIMMER_C\tab OEHRLEIN
\par MN\tab 0:97-00532\tab CV97-10345\tab KIRSCH_S\tab SCHUBERT
\par MN\tab 0:97-00706\tab CV97-10399\tab KIRSCH_S\tab TRAY
\par MN\tab 0:97-00773\tab CV97-10401\tab KIRSCH_S\tab BORENE
\par MN\tab 0:97-00891\tab CV97-10514\tab KIRSCH_S\tab O'BRIEN-GILLES
\par MN\tab 0:97-00892\tab CV97-10515\tab KIRSCH_S\tab FRANCIS
\par MN\tab 0:97-00893\tab CV97-10516\tab KIRSCH_S\tab TACHENY
\par MN\tab 0:97-00908\tab CV97-10636\tab KIRSCH_S\tab MANCINI
\par MN\tab 0:97-00985\tab CV97-10517\tab KIRSCH_S\tab ELERT
\par MN\tab 0:97-01218\tab CV97-10768\tab KIRSCH_S\tab HULKO
\par MN\tab 0:97-01409\tab CV97-11079\tab FARIS_PR\tab VOGEL
\par MN\tab 0:97-01521\tab CV97-10911\tab FARIS_PR\tab STEVENSON
\par MN\tab 0:97-01551\tab CV97-10912\tab HAHN_BLA\tab HETHERINGTON
\par MN\tab 0:97-01687\tab CV97-11080\tab KIRSCH_S\tab BASTING
\par MN\tab 0:97-01939\tab CV97-11278\tab NEESE_MA\tab MORICAL
\par MN\tab 0:97-01966\tab CV97-11279\tab PEARSO_G\tab ERHARD
\par MN\tab 0:97-01987\tab CV97-11413\tab FARIS_PR\tab GAGNON
\par MN\tab 0:97-02216\tab CV97-11935\tab BIRD_CHA\tab DENSTAD
\par MN\tab 0:97-02235\tab CV97-11696\tab JOHN_C_A\tab MITCHELL
\par MN\tab 0:97-02441\tab CV97-12222\tab FARIS_PR\tab MOORE
\par MN\tab 0:97-02442\tab CV97-12223\tab FARIS_PR\tab PERTZBORN
\par MN\tab 0:97-02516\tab CV98-10158\tab FARIS_PR\tab CAPIZ
\par MN\tab 0:97-02517\tab CV98-11348\tab FARIS_PR\tab CASELTINE
\par MN\tab 0:97-02518\tab CV97-12348\tab FARIS_PR\tab MITCHELL
\par MN\tab 0:97-02519\tab CV97-12349\tab FARIS_PR\tab TODD
\par MN\tab 0:97-02581\tab CV98-10159\tab ZIMMER_C\tab MICHEL
\par MN\tab 0:97-02603\tab CV98-10161\tab FARIS_PR\tab AGRE
\par MN\tab 0:97-02724\tab CV98-10175\tab NEESE_MA\tab FARINHA
\par MN\tab 0:97-02752\tab CV98-11349\tab ZIMMER_C\tab MORK
\par MN\tab 0:97-02753\tab CV98-11350\tab ZIMMER_C\tab LEFTO
\par MN\tab 0:97-02754\tab CV98-11351\tab ZIMMER_C\tab PEABODY
\par MN\tab 0:97-02757\tab CV98-11352\tab NEESE_MA\tab ALLEN
\par MN\tab 0:97-02759\tab CV98-11353\tab NEESE_MA\tab CHRISTEN
\par MN\tab 0:97-02760\tab CV98-11354\tab NEESE_MA\tab ANDERSON
\par MN\tab 0:97-02761\tab CV98-11355\tab NEESE_MA\tab MOENCH
\par MN\tab 0:97-02763\tab CV98-11356\tab NEESE_MA\tab GRIFFIS
\par \sect }\sectd \lndscpsxn\pgwsxn15840\pghsxn12240\marglsxn864\margrsxn864\margtsxn900\margbsxn864\sbknone\linex0\headery900\footery864\sectdefaultcl \pard\plain \qj\nowidctlpar
\tx-576\tx0\tx450\tx1656\tx2916\tx4086\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360\tx10800\tx11520\adjustright {\f2\fs16 MN\tab 0:97-02834\tab CV98-11357\tab PEARSO_G\tab MARQUIS
\par MN\tab 0:97-02835\tab CV98-11358\tab PEARSO_G\tab CLAY
\par MN\tab 0:97-02837\tab CV98-11360\tab PEARSO_G\tab REED
\par MN\tab 0:97-02863\tab CV98-11361\tab FARIS_PR\tab REUVERS
\par MN\tab 0:98-00065\tab CV98-11646\tab ZIMMER_C\tab STEGER
\par MN\tab 0:98-01158\tab CV98-12033\tab NEESE_MA\tab GRUNKE
\par MN\tab 0:98-01164\tab CV98-12034\tab NEESE_MA\tab HOLMES
\par MN\tab 0:98-02120\tab CV98-12370\tab NEESE_MA\tab SHANNON
\par MN\tab 0:98-02121\tab CV98-12342\tab NEESE_MA\tab GUNDERSON
\par MN\tab 3:95-00729\tab CV95-18105\tab NEESE_MA\tab DIXON
\par MN\tab 3:95-00730\tab CV95-18106\tab KIRSCH_S\tab GAY
\par MN\tab 3:95-00731\tab CV95-18107\tab KIRSCH_S\tab DOMALIK
\par MN\tab 3:95-00753\tab CV95-18112\tab KIRSCH_S\tab M.H.
\par MN\tab 3:96-01118\tab CV97-10095\tab CAREY_JW\tab TOWNE
\par MN\tab 4:93-00054\tab CV93-11310\tab FARICY_M\tab DEBORAH G. MARTIN
\par MN\tab 4:93-00453\tab CV93-11647\tab OLSON_DI\tab MURPHY
\par MN\tab 4:93-01217\tab CV94-11224\tab NEESE_MA\tab WOODWARD
\par MN\tab 4:95-00451\tab CV95-18113\tab LICCAR_S\tab MORNEAU
\par MN\tab 4:95-00497\tab CV95-18114\tab KIRSCH_S\tab BARTELDS
\par MN\tab 4:96-01256\tab CV97-10096\tab NEESE_MA\tab ALLMON
\par MN\tab 5:95-00166\tab CV95-18116\tab ZIMMER_C\tab FRAKER
\par MN\tab 6:95-00168\tab CV95-18117\tab HORAN_PA\tab BAKER
\par MOE\tab 1:94-00058\tab CV94-13385\tab RICE_JOS\tab TODD
\par MOE\tab 2:95-00045\tab CV98-12035\tab GRAHAM_M\tab FUCHS-MORRISSEY
\par MOE\tab 2:97-00027\tab CV97-12224\tab GRAHAM_M\tab FUCHS-MORRISSEY
\par MOE\tab 4:93-00720\tab CV93-11512\tab HULLVE_T\tab WICK
\par MOE\tab 4:93-01991\tab CV93-14284\tab FLOYD_WA\tab BAUGHMAN
\par MOE\tab 4:95-01728\tab CV96-10013\tab BATTIS_G\tab HOMAN
\par MOE\tab 4:96-01244\tab CV97-10348\tab BELZ_MAR\tab STRINGER
\par MOE\tab 4:97-00033\tab CV97-10205\tab MOLL_KEN\tab WYATT
\par MOE\tab 4:97-00117\tab CV97-10521\tab CZAMAN_D\tab HAYDON
\par MOE\tab 4:97-01031\tab CV97-10914\tab FINNEY_D\tab SCOTT
\par MOE\tab 4:97-01697\tab CV97-12225\tab SWITZE_F\tab HENIFF
\par MOE\tab 4:97-01798\tab CV97-11516\tab KING_ROB\tab GAYNOR
\par MOE\tab 4:97-01904\tab CV97-12226\tab WALLA_JO\tab DENNIS
\par MOE\tab 4:97-02010\tab CV97-11944\tab HUTTON_M\tab ROSENFELD
\par MOE\tab 4:97-02022\tab CV97-11948\tab FINNEY_D\tab BAUER
\par MOE\tab 4:97-02023\tab CV97-11949\tab FINNEY_D\tab VOTRUBA
\par MOE\tab 4:97-02024\tab CV97-11950\tab FINNEY_D\tab METZGER
\par MOE\tab 4:97-02037\tab CV97-11951\tab FINNEY_D\tab DIEKMANN
\par MOE\tab 4:97-02403\tab CV98-11362\tab FINNEY_D\tab WELSHANS
\par MOE\tab 4:97-02404\tab CV98-11363\tab FINNEY_D\tab MONTAGUE
\par MOE\tab 4:97-02405\tab CV98-11364\tab FINNEY_D\tab MAUNE
\par MOE\tab 4:97-02471\tab CV98-11918\tab WALLA_JO\tab MCMAHON
\par MOE\tab 4:98-01050\tab CV98-12261\tab FLOYD_WA\tab O'LEARY
\par MOW\tab 2:97-04178\tab CV97-10915\tab NALLY_JU\tab BRIESCHER
\par MOW\tab 3:97-05059\tab CV97-10916\tab HUTTON_M\tab ANSELL
\par MOW\tab 4:92-00431\tab CV92-10563\tab HAMBRI_J\tab JACOBS
\par MOW\tab 4:93-00258\tab CV93-11802\tab HUTTON_M\tab WATKINS
\par MOW\tab 4:97-00138\tab CV97-10206\tab ADLER_JA\tab EVERLY
\par \sect }\sectd \lndscpsxn\pgwsxn15840\pghsxn12240\marglsxn864\margrsxn864\margtsxn900\margbsxn864\sbknone\linex0\headery900\footery864\sectdefaultcl \pard\plain \qj\nowidctlpar
\tx-576\tx0\tx450\tx1656\tx2916\tx4086\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360\tx10800\tx11520\adjustright {\f2\fs16 MOW\tab 4:97-00568\tab CV97-10523\tab CLOON_BR\tab LARSEN
\par MOW\tab 4:97-00790\tab CV97-10771\tab TOWNSL_C\tab WYLIE
\par MOW\tab 4:97-00791\tab CV97-10772\tab TOWNSL_C\tab FAURE
\par MOW\tab 4:97-00865\tab CV97-10917\tab HUTTON_M\tab RADER
\par MOW\tab 4:97-00917\tab CV97-10919\tab NALLY_JU\tab DAVIS
\par MOW\tab 4:97-01216\tab CV97-11356\tab NALLY_JU\tab MARSHALL
\par MOW\tab 4:97-01241\tab CV97-11517\tab CLOON_BR\tab ROBERTSON
\par MOW\tab 4:97-01277\tab CV97-11518\tab REDFEA_P\tab LATHAM
\par MOW\tab 4:97-01326\tab CV97-11955\tab HUTTON_M\tab SCHULTE
\par MOW\tab 4:97-01390\tab CV97-11956\tab NALLY_JU\tab DONOVAN
\par MOW\tab 4:97-01391\tab CV97-11957\tab NALLY_JU\tab KEATON
\par MOW\tab 4:97-01392\tab CV97-11958\tab NALLY_JU\tab BROWN
\par MOW\tab 4:97-01515\tab CV98-10178\tab HUTTON_M\tab OWENS
\par MOW\tab 4:97-01516\tab CV98-10179\tab HUTTON_M\tab CUNNINGHAM
\par MOW\tab 4:97-01552\tab CV98-10183\tab CLOON_BR\tab HOEGLER
\par MOW\tab 4:97-01559\tab CV98-10184\tab CLOON_BR\tab HILLS
\par MOW\tab 4:97-01560\tab CV98-10185\tab CLOON_BR\tab DODSON
\par MOW\tab 4:97-01562\tab CV98-10186\tab CLOON_BR\tab PICKMAN
\par MOW\tab 4:97-01684\tab CV98-11541\tab CLOON_BR\tab YOUNG
\par MOW\tab 4:98-00019\tab CV98-11542\tab CLOON_BR\tab RIDGE
\par MOW\tab 4:98-00020\tab CV98-11543\tab CLOON_BR\tab ROBERTSON
\par MOW\tab 4:98-00021\tab CV98-11544\tab CLOON_BR\tab BUNNEY
\par MOW\tab 4:98-00022\tab CV98-11545\tab CLOON_BR\tab DAVIS
\par MOW\tab 4:98-00054\tab CV98-11549\tab MONSLO_H\tab SCHERZER
\par MOW\tab 4:98-01158\tab CV98-12371\tab DEAN_MAR\tab WADE
\par MOW\tab 6:97-03500\tab CV97-12228\tab HUTTON_M\tab SALVADOR
\par MOW\tab 6:97-03541\tab CV97-11959\tab SMITH_DL\tab COMPTON
\par MSN\tab 1:97-00191\tab CV97-11281\tab BOWERS_D\tab DEXTER
\par MSN\tab 1:97-00249\tab CV97-11960\tab BOWERS_D\tab MASSEY
\par MSN\tab 1:97-00250\tab CV97-11961\tab BOWERS_D\tab COLLIER
\par MSN\tab 1:97-00311\tab CV97-12229\tab PACE_TIM\tab TURNER
\par MSN\tab 4:92-00257\tab CV93-10117\tab BOLTON_D\tab CRANDALL
\par MSS\tab 1:92-00288\tab CV92-10374\tab OWEN_JOE\tab LANNINGHAM
\par MSS\tab 1:93-00266\tab CV93-11950\tab CLARK_NA\tab FERTNER-BURKES
\par MSS\tab 1:93-00444\tab CV93-13613\tab HARRI_DN\tab HENDERSON
\par MSS\tab 1:94-00187\tab CV94-12555\tab OWEN_JOE\tab MCCALEB
\par MSS\tab 1:95-00401\tab CV97-10009\tab COUCH_IR\tab COUCH
\par MSS\tab 1:97-00189\tab CV97-10775\tab LUNDY_HU\tab REYNOLDS
\par MSS\tab 1:97-00190\tab CV97-10920\tab LUNDY_HU\tab GARY
\par MSS\tab 1:97-00191\tab CV97-10776\tab LUNDY_AL\tab STANLEY
\par MSS\tab 1:97-00192\tab CV97-10777\tab LUNDY_HU\tab BOUNDS
\par MSS\tab 1:97-00193\tab CV97-10778\tab LUNDY_HU\tab BODIN
\par MSS\tab 1:97-00194\tab CV97-10779\tab LUNDY_HU\tab MEAUT
\par MSS\tab 1:97-00328\tab CV97-11087\tab BENTON_P\tab KENNEDY
\par MSS\tab 1:97-00333\tab CV97-10922\tab LUNDY_HU\tab ANDREWS
\par MSS\tab 1:97-00413\tab CV97-11092\tab LISTON_W\tab BELL
\par MSS\tab 1:97-00421\tab CV97-11093\tab GIBSON_C\tab MIRANDA
\par MSS\tab 1:97-00438\tab CV97-11282\tab BOWERS_D\tab HARRELL
\par MSS\tab 1:97-00475\tab CV97-11357\tab SMITH_DR\tab HEATHCOCK
\par MSS\tab 2:93-00264\tab CV93-13854\tab BENTON_P\tab PETTIT
\par \sect }\sectd \lndscpsxn\pgwsxn15840\pghsxn12240\marglsxn864\margrsxn864\margtsxn900\margbsxn864\sbknone\linex0\headery900\footery864\sectdefaultcl \pard\plain \qj\nowidctlpar
\tx-576\tx0\tx450\tx1656\tx2916\tx4086\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360\tx10800\tx11520\adjustright {\f2\fs16 MSS\tab 2:93-00401\tab CV94-10627\tab BENTON_P\tab JONES
\par MSS\tab 2:93-00402\tab CV94-10628\tab BENTON_P\tab HERRINGTON
\par MSS\tab 2:93-00403\tab CV94-10629\tab BURRI_K*\tab BURRIS
\par MSS\tab 2:93-00404\tab CV94-10630\tab BENTON_P\tab MCGUFFEE
\par MSS\tab 2:94-00044\tab CV94-11226\tab STEWA_JE\tab BEASLEY
\par MSS\tab 2:94-00072\tab CV94-11937\tab BENTON_P\tab GREGORY
\par MSS\tab 2:94-00073\tab CV94-11938\tab BENTON_P\tab PETTIT
\par MSS\tab 2:94-00074\tab CV94-11939\tab DULIN_JA\tab DENNIS
\par MSS\tab 2:94-00083\tab CV94-11942\tab SMITH_DR\tab DAVIS
\par MSS\tab 2:94-00087\tab CV94-11945\tab BENTON_P\tab BAHM
\par MSS\tab 2:94-00116\tab CV94-12566\tab BENTON_P\tab RUSHING
\par MSS\tab 2:94-00120\tab CV94-12570\tab BENTON_P\tab SMITH
\par MSS\tab 2:94-00181\tab CV94-13391\tab BENTON_P\tab STEVENSON
\par MSS\tab 2:94-00204\tab CV94-13661\tab SMITH_DR\tab DUNCAN
\par MSS\tab 2:94-00320\tab CV94-14431\tab BENTON_P\tab MCCUISTON
\par MSS\tab 2:94-00325\tab CV94-14436\tab BENTON_P\tab VERRETT
\par MSS\tab 2:94-00326\tab CV94-14437\tab BENTON_P\tab ROMINES
\par MSS\tab 2:95-00200\tab CV95-11940\tab GRENFE_J\tab JOHNSON
\par MSS\tab 2:95-00201\tab CV96-10023\tab BOLAN_MI\tab NELSON
\par MSS\tab 2:97-00314\tab CV97-11519\tab LISTON_W\tab GANDY
\par MSS\tab 3:94-00247\tab CV94-13187\tab GRENFE_J\tab BUTLER
\par MSS\tab 3:94-00450\tab CV94-14163\tab GIBSON_C\tab BARNES
\par MSS\tab 3:97-00625\tab CV98-11486\tab GRENFE_J\tab SMITH
\par MSS\tab 3:97-00626\tab CV98-11487\tab GRENFE_J\tab WEBB
\par MSS\tab 3:98-00261\tab CV98-12117\tab GIBSON_C\tab PHILLIPS
\par MT\tab 1:97-00100\tab CV97-11283\tab BIAZ_THO\tab KEIM
\par MT\tab 2:94-00039\tab CV94-13397\tab BECK_MON\tab CRUMLEY
\par MT\tab 4:94-00023\tab CV94-12573\tab LAMB_MIC\tab DEMOPOULOS
\par MT\tab 6:97-00036\tab CV97-11094\tab BAIZ_THO\tab FACUNDUS
\par MT\tab 9:97-00139\tab CV97-11415\tab BIAZ_T_A\tab SNAVELY
\par MT\tab 9:97-00156\tab CV97-11962\tab LAURID_D\tab LUTZOW
\par MT\tab 9:97-00178\tab CV98-11367\tab HAHN_BLA\tab NYQUIST
\par NCE\tab 2:97-00037\tab CV97-11284\tab PATRIC_M\tab MULFORD
\par NCE\tab 4:97-00172\tab CV97-11963\tab CONE_JAY\tab ADAMS
\par NCE\tab 4:97-00213\tab CV98-11836\tab WARD_WIL\tab PATTON
\par NCE\tab 4:97-00223\tab CV98-12343\tab WARD_WIL\tab SCHRADER
\par NCE\tab 4:98-00009\tab CV98-11837\tab CONE_JAY\tab WEEKS
\par NCE\tab 5:97-00460\tab CV97-10923\tab PARRIS_E\tab BOONE
\par NCE\tab 5:97-00726\tab CV97-11964\tab PATRIC_M\tab SNOW
\par NCE\tab 5:97-00859\tab CV97-11965\tab PARRIS_E\tab BULLOCK
\par NCE\tab 5:98-00116\tab CV98-11838\tab PARRIS_E\tab GREEN
\par NCE\tab 7:97-00196\tab CV98-11368\tab WARLIC_J\tab BUHRKE
\par NCE\tab 7:98-00143\tab CV98-12302\tab \tab SECRIST
\par NCM\tab 1:97-00768\tab CV97-11096\tab ANDER_SC\tab MULLINAX
\par NCM\tab 1:97-00771\tab CV97-11097\tab PATRIC_M\tab CHRISTENSEN
\par NCM\tab 1:97-00902\tab CV97-11285\tab BLAC_JAN\tab CHESNUTT
\par NCM\tab 1:97-00903\tab CV97-11286\tab BLAC_JAN\tab DARNELL
\par NCM\tab 1:97-00907\tab CV97-11361\tab CONE_JAY\tab WEAVER
\par NCM\tab 1:97-00936\tab CV97-11520\tab PARRIS_E\tab BLACKETER
\par NCM\tab 1:97-01007\tab CV97-11698\tab CONE_JAY\tab WARM
\par \sect }\sectd \lndscpsxn\pgwsxn15840\pghsxn12240\marglsxn864\margrsxn864\margtsxn900\margbsxn864\sbknone\linex0\headery900\footery864\sectdefaultcl \pard\plain \qj\nowidctlpar
\tx-576\tx0\tx450\tx1656\tx2916\tx4086\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360\tx10800\tx11520\adjustright {\f2\fs16 NCM\tab 1:97-01066\tab CV97-12230\tab BLAC_JAN\tab WILSON
\par NCM\tab 1:97-01067\tab CV97-12350\tab ROWELL_H\tab BAUGHN
\par NCM\tab 1:97-01068\tab CV97-12231\tab HAHN_BLA\tab CLONTZ
\par NCM\tab 1:97-01069\tab CV97-12232\tab HAHN_BLA\tab BLACKBURN
\par NCM\tab 1:97-01182\tab CV97-12351\tab HAHN_BLA\tab BRYANT
\par NCM\tab 1:97-01183\tab CV97-12352\tab ROWELL_H\tab MOFFATT
\par NCM\tab 1:97-01204\tab CV98-11773\tab MAREAD_W\tab ADAMS
\par NCM\tab 1:98-00216\tab CV98-11921\tab BROWN_R.\tab HINSON
\par NCM\tab 2:93-00581\tab CV93-14070\tab MARTI_ME\tab LYNN
\par NCM\tab 2:97-00486\tab CV97-10643\tab BLAC_JAN\tab MILLS
\par NCM\tab 2:97-00487\tab CV97-10644\tab BLAC_JAN\tab MARTIN
\par NCM\tab 3:97-00488\tab CV97-10645\tab BLAC_JAN\tab JOHNSTON
\par NCW\tab 1:97-00093\tab CV97-10924\tab PATRIC_M\tab RADEL
\par NCW\tab 1:97-00208\tab CV97-11098\tab BROWN_R.\tab COX
\par NCW\tab 1:97-00216\tab CV97-11099\tab PARHAM_M\tab KING
\par NCW\tab 1:97-00219\tab CV97-11101\tab ROWELL_A\tab PETRO
\par NCW\tab 1:97-00220\tab CV97-11102\tab PARHAM_M\tab BUCKNER
\par NCW\tab 1:97-00227\tab CV97-11291\tab ROWELL_A\tab RIFKIN
\par NCW\tab 1:97-00243\tab CV97-11103\tab ANDER_SC\tab HONEYCUTT
\par NCW\tab 1:97-00269\tab CV97-11416\tab CONE_JAY\tab BREWER
\par NCW\tab 1:97-00304\tab CV98-11378\tab PARHAM_M\tab BUCHANAN
\par NCW\tab 1:97-00305\tab CV97-11967\tab STEVE_JO\tab PAYNE
\par NCW\tab 1:97-00306\tab CV97-11968\tab STEVE_JO\tab WILLIS
\par NCW\tab 1:97-00320\tab CV98-10189\tab PARHAM_M\tab BENGSTON
\par NCW\tab 1:97-00321\tab CV98-10190\tab STEVE_JO\tab KENNEDY
\par NCW\tab 1:97-00322\tab CV98-10191\tab PARHAM_M\tab JILES
\par NCW\tab 1:97-00324\tab CV98-10192\tab PARHAM_M\tab TRACHSEL
\par NCW\tab 1:98-00061\tab CV98-12039\tab MOONEY_J\tab OAKES
\par NCW\tab 2:97-00222\tab CV97-11104\tab ROWELL_A\tab SILVERS
\par NCW\tab 3:97-00286\tab CV97-10925\tab BLAC_JAN\tab HENRY
\par NCW\tab 3:97-00498\tab CV97-11969\tab BROWN_R.\tab WILSON
\par NCW\tab 3:97-00512\tab CV97-11970\tab STEVE_JO\tab HILTON
\par NCW\tab 4:97-00156\tab CV97-11105\tab BLAC_JAN\tab SMITH
\par NCW\tab 4:97-00218\tab CV97-11106\tab PARHAM_M\tab GOOD
\par NCW\tab 4:98-00011\tab CV98-11923\tab PARRIS_E\tab MESSER
\par NCW\tab 5:97-00013\tab CV97-10152\tab BARNE_MA\tab WHITE
\par ND\tab 1:97-00139\tab CV98-10193\tab KING_GOR\tab TIBOR
\par ND\tab 2:98-00046\tab CV98-12280\tab THOMPS_D\tab DESAUTEL
\par NE\tab 4:97-03193\tab CV97-10782\tab HUTTON_M\tab MAPES-LIEGL
\par NE\tab 8:97-00267\tab CV97-10783\tab SILVER_J\tab WARDLOW
\par NE\tab 8:97-00482\tab CV97-11699\tab HUTTON_M\tab DURYEA
\par NE\tab 8:97-00495\tab CV97-11971\tab HUTTON_M\tab HANSEN
\par NE\tab 8:97-00533\tab CV97-11972\tab TROIA_RI\tab LORELLO
\par NE\tab 8:97-00543\tab CV97-12235\tab SCHATZ_G\tab CODY
\par NE\tab 8:97-00557\tab CV97-12236\tab TROIA_RI\tab CLARK
\par NE\tab 8:97-00558\tab CV97-12237\tab TROIA_RI\tab FORTINA
\par NE\tab 8:97-00566\tab CV98-10194\tab TROIA_RI\tab FINK
\par NE\tab 8:97-00583\tab CV98-10195\tab FOGART_E\tab JACKMAN
\par NH\tab 1:97-00303\tab CV97-10928\tab BARRET_J\tab BENNETT
\par NH\tab 1:97-00474\tab CV97-11973\tab NIXON_LE\tab SULLIVAN
\par \sect }\sectd \lndscpsxn\pgwsxn15840\pghsxn12240\marglsxn864\margrsxn864\margtsxn900\margbsxn864\sbknone\linex0\headery900\footery864\sectdefaultcl \pard\plain \qj\nowidctlpar
\tx-576\tx0\tx450\tx1656\tx2916\tx4086\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360\tx10800\tx11520\adjustright {\f2\fs16 NH\tab 1:97-00475\tab CV97-11700\tab NIXON_LE\tab TAMBURRINO
\par NH\tab 1:97-00566\tab CV97-12353\tab NIXON_LE\tab ANDERSEN
\par NH\tab 1:97-00567\tab CV97-12354\tab NIXON_LE\tab BERGMANN
\par NH\tab 1:97-00571\tab CV97-12355\tab NIXON_LE\tab BEAUREGARD
\par NH\tab 1:97-00572\tab CV97-12356\tab NIXON_LE\tab MAY
\par NH\tab 1:97-00573\tab CV97-12357\tab NIXON_LE\tab KAMIENIECKI
\par NH\tab 1:97-00616\tab CV98-10196\tab NIXON_LE\tab DUCHARME
\par NH\tab 1:98-00009\tab CV98-11552\tab NIXON_LE\tab MARTIN
\par NJ\tab 1:94-01940\tab CV94-13399\tab FACCEN_P\tab OFFORD
\par NJ\tab 1:97-05318\tab CV97-12239\tab SHELLE_J\tab STRASSBERGER
\par NJ\tab 1:98-01172\tab CV98-11924\tab FOREST_M\tab SUDECK
\par NJ\tab 2:92-04797\tab CV93-10262\tab GREENS_S\tab GALLO
\par NJ\tab 2:93-04498\tab CV93-14320\tab GRAYZE_R\tab FILOZOF
\par NJ\tab 2:93-05452\tab CV94-10632\tab GRAYZE_R\tab MORRISON
\par NJ\tab 2:93-05593\tab CV94-10633\tab LEVINS_W\tab GOLDSCHEIN-ISAACS
\par NJ\tab 2:94-00413\tab CV94-11231\tab WHELAN_G\tab MICHELS
\par NJ\tab 2:95-00085\tab CV97-10010\tab ALLEN_FR\tab MEEHAN
\par NJ\tab 2:95-02692\tab CV95-10409\tab TURK_HUG\tab BAUS
\par NJ\tab 2:95-03236\tab CV95-11035\tab PAHIGI_P\tab STRANGIO
\par NJ\tab 2:95-03242\tab CV95-11041\tab PAHIGI_P\tab NOVRIT
\par NJ\tab 2:95-03243\tab CV95-18118\tab DONER_HE\tab ANDERSON
\par NJ\tab 2:95-03246\tab CV95-11044\tab LEVINS_W\tab CAUDLE
\par NJ\tab 2:95-03570\tab CV95-11949\tab PAHIGI_P\tab RAK
\par NJ\tab 2:95-03976\tab CV95-13884\tab PAHIGI_P\tab MARGARELLA
\par NJ\tab 2:95-04181\tab CV95-13976\tab LEVINS_W\tab PRICE
\par NJ\tab 2:95-04361\tab CV95-13460\tab LEVINS_W\tab TSARBOPOULOS
\par NJ\tab 2:95-04362\tab CV95-13461\tab LEVINS_W\tab RENO
\par NJ\tab 2:95-04363\tab CV95-13462\tab LEVINS_W\tab SLAWINSKI
\par NJ\tab 2:95-04365\tab CV95-13464\tab LEVINS_W\tab KELLER
\par NJ\tab 2:95-04367\tab CV95-13466\tab LEVINS_W\tab WAYNE
\par NJ\tab 2:95-04368\tab CV95-13467\tab LEVINS_W\tab FAULKNER
\par NJ\tab 2:95-04369\tab CV95-13468\tab LEVINS_W\tab TRIGGIANNI
\par NJ\tab 2:95-05078\tab CV95-17591\tab GREENS_S\tab GIOE
\par NJ\tab 2:95-05079\tab CV95-17592\tab GREENS_S\tab GAVIN
\par NJ\tab 2:95-06073\tab CV96-10028\tab PAHIGI_P\tab DINIZO
\par NJ\tab 2:95-06074\tab CV96-10029\tab PAHIGI_P\tab COOK
\par NJ\tab 2:95-06075\tab CV96-10030\tab PAHIGI_P\tab BLOCK
\par NJ\tab 2:95-06249\tab CV96-10679\tab VALORE_C\tab HARTNETT
\par NJ\tab 2:95-06557\tab CV96-12382\tab WHELAN_G\tab REED
\par NJ\tab 2:96-03099\tab CV97-10784\tab TURK_HUG\tab ZAKAR
\par NJ\tab 2:96-05703\tab CV97-10097\tab WHELAN_G\tab COOPER
\par NJ\tab 2:96-05947\tab CV97-11107\tab WHELAN_G\tab SALTER
\par NJ\tab 2:97-02723\tab CV97-10929\tab BARTEL_P\tab CORNBLATT
\par NJ\tab 2:97-02776\tab CV97-11362\tab WHELAN_G\tab SCOTT
\par NJ\tab 2:97-04185\tab CV97-11363\tab WHELAN_G\tab HEDRICK
\par NJ\tab 2:97-05579\tab CV98-10197\tab BARTEL_P\tab ROUNDTREE
\par NJ\tab 2:97-05580\tab CV98-10198\tab BARTEL_P\tab RYAN
\par NJ\tab 2:97-05581\tab CV98-10199\tab BARTEL_P\tab MCKINNEY
\par NJ\tab 2:97-05596\tab CV98-10201\tab BARTEL_P\tab LIVERSIDGE
\par NJ\tab 3:95-03879\tab CV95-13026\tab LEWINS_B\tab STAGLIANO
\par \sect }\sectd \lndscpsxn\pgwsxn15840\pghsxn12240\marglsxn864\margrsxn864\margtsxn900\margbsxn864\sbknone\linex0\headery900\footery864\sectdefaultcl \pard\plain \qj\nowidctlpar
\tx-576\tx0\tx450\tx1656\tx2916\tx4086\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360\tx10800\tx11520\adjustright {\f2\fs16 NJ\tab 3:95-04155\tab CV95-13073\tab SHELLE_J\tab APPELL
\par NJ\tab 3:95-04167\tab CV95-13085\tab TURK_HUG\tab CHERUP
\par NM\tab 1:92-01143\tab CV92-11225\tab BRANCH_M\tab INGALLS
\par NM\tab 1:92-01194\tab CV92-11239\tab BRANCH_M\tab MOURNING
\par NM\tab 1:94-00065\tab CV94-11976\tab BRANCH_M\tab DALTON
\par NM\tab 1:94-00066\tab CV94-11977\tab BRANCH_M\tab EDWARDS
\par NM\tab 1:94-00747\tab CV94-14197\tab CARUSO_M\tab HODGDON
\par NM\tab 1:94-00919\tab CV94-14539\tab ABRAMS_P\tab SCOTT
\par NM\tab 1:95-01110\tab CV97-11109\tab SILVER_M\tab GURULE
\par NM\tab 1:95-01111\tab CV97-11750\tab ABRAMS_P\tab LOURDES GALLEGOS
\par NM\tab 1:96-01250\tab CV97-10098\tab BEST_HAN\tab HAZELWOOD
\par NM\tab 1:97-00731\tab CV97-11307\tab BRANC_TU\tab CASHMAN
\par NM\tab 1:98-00361\tab CV98-12118\tab CARUSO_M\tab BLUE
\par NM\tab 1:98-00459\tab CV98-12305\tab BRANCH_M\tab BOSS
\par NM\tab 6:92-00692\tab CV92-10740\tab BEASLE_S\tab ACOYA
\par NM\tab 6:98-00140\tab CV98-12175\tab BRANC_TU\tab CONANT
\par NV\tab 2:93-00104\tab CV93-10950\tab BOLTON_D\tab O'HARA
\par NV\tab 2:97-01357\tab CV97-11701\tab HUTTO_MA\tab SENNER
\par NV\tab 2:97-01577\tab CV98-12040\tab KNAPP_CR\tab SWAN
\par NV\tab 2:97-01689\tab CV98-10202\tab HUTTO_MA\tab MACKENZIE
\par NV\tab 2:98-00034\tab CV98-12119\tab MARKLE_J\tab HOWARD
\par NV\tab 2:98-00351\tab CV98-11925\tab JENSEN_R\tab VANCHERI
\par NV\tab 2:98-00916\tab CV98-12262\tab MARKLE_J\tab PURDIE
\par NV\tab 2:98-00995\tab CV98-12306\tab CROWE_TH\tab GORDON
\par NV\tab 3:93-00515\tab CV93-14336\tab WHITE_GE\tab SILVEY
\par NV\tab 3:93-00517\tab CV93-14338\tab WHITE_GE\tab MONTGOMERY
\par NV\tab 3:93-00518\tab CV93-14339\tab WHITE_GE\tab STEINBERGER
\par NV\tab 3:93-00556\tab CV93-14344\tab WHITE_GE\tab SLAUGHTER
\par NV\tab 3:93-00632\tab CV93-14348\tab WHITE_GE\tab CHRISTENSEN
\par NV\tab 3:93-00644\tab CV93-14349\tab WHITE_GE\tab GRIFFIN
\par NV\tab 3:93-00652\tab CV93-14351\tab WHITE_GE\tab SMITH
\par NV\tab 3:93-00653\tab CV94-10816\tab WHITE_GE\tab HILL
\par NV\tab 3:93-00654\tab CV93-14352\tab COBEE_C*\tab ZAUSS-COBEEN
\par NV\tab 3:94-00107\tab CV94-11979\tab WHITE_GE\tab LEE
\par NV\tab 3:96-00519\tab CV96-12467\tab HOTCHK_L\tab CALLAHAN
\par NYE\tab 0:95-03234\tab CV97-10014\tab CHIERA_R\tab DOOLEY
\par NYE\tab 0:95-03240\tab CV97-11115\tab CHIERA_R\tab HANTMAN
\par NYE\tab 1:92-00563\tab CV92-10210\tab BARKAN_S\tab ROTHKOPF
\par NYE\tab 1:94-00349\tab CV94-11015\tab BECKMA_S\tab HILLER
\par NYE\tab 1:94-00681\tab CV94-11986\tab MURAKA_S\tab SNOW
\par NYE\tab 1:95-03239\tab CV95-13470\tab CHIERA_R\tab CARACCIO
\par NYE\tab 1:95-04590\tab CV96-10036\tab PENNOC_P\tab RICHMAN
\par NYE\tab 1:95-04677\tab CV96-10037\tab ROTHST_D\tab CULCLASURE
\par NYE\tab 1:95-04678\tab CV96-10038\tab ROTHST_D\tab PETERSEN
\par NYE\tab 1:96-00784\tab CV96-12312\tab BUSCH_LI\tab CARPENTER-KINDER
\par NYE\tab 1:96-04340\tab CV97-10015\tab RICHMA_S\tab HAIDUSEK
\par NYE\tab 1:96-05152\tab CV97-10016\tab PENNOC_P\tab SEGALL
\par NYE\tab 1:96-05153\tab CV97-10017\tab PENNOC_P\tab CONCORSO
\par NYE\tab 1:96-05176\tab CV97-10018\tab PENNOC_P\tab HARRISON
\par NYE\tab 1:96-05571\tab CV97-10019\tab ROTHST_D\tab NARCISE
\par \sect }\sectd \lndscpsxn\pgwsxn15840\pghsxn12240\marglsxn864\margrsxn864\margtsxn900\margbsxn864\sbknone\linex0\headery900\footery864\sectdefaultcl \pard\plain \qj\nowidctlpar
\tx-576\tx0\tx450\tx1656\tx2916\tx4086\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360\tx10800\tx11520\adjustright {\f2\fs16 NYE\tab 1:96-05663\tab CV97-10402\tab SHAINW_S\tab GOODWIN
\par NYE\tab 1:96-05664\tab CV97-10403\tab SHAINW_S\tab THREADGILL
\par NYE\tab 1:96-05667\tab CV97-10216\tab SHAINW_S\tab BODU-DEBRUCE
\par NYE\tab 1:96-05669\tab CV97-10020\tab SHAINW_S\tab SARDELLA
\par NYE\tab 1:96-05671\tab CV97-10101\tab SHAINW_S\tab ROBINSON
\par NYE\tab 1:96-05672\tab CV97-10404\tab SHAINW_S\tab PATTERSON
\par NYE\tab 1:96-05673\tab CV97-10021\tab SHAINW_S\tab MARINELLI
\par NYE\tab 1:96-06144\tab CV97-10153\tab PENNOC_P\tab MOONEY
\par NYE\tab 1:96-06145\tab CV97-10154\tab ROTHST_D\tab TURANO-TRAVE
\par NYE\tab 1:97-00013\tab CV97-10217\tab BUSCH_LI\tab KIM
\par NYE\tab 1:97-00014\tab CV97-10349\tab BUSCH_LI\tab BLAZE TOUPS, ET AL
\par NYE\tab 1:97-00016\tab CV97-10218\tab BUSCH_LI\tab CHANG
\par NYE\tab 1:97-00017\tab CV97-10219\tab BUSCH_LI\tab CHOI
\par NYE\tab 1:97-00018\tab CV97-10220\tab RICHMA_S\tab GERVEY
\par NYE\tab 1:97-00151\tab CV97-10221\tab BUSCH_LI\tab RIVELY
\par NYE\tab 1:97-00153\tab CV97-10222\tab BUSCH_LI\tab LAZAROV
\par NYE\tab 1:97-00154\tab CV97-10350\tab BUSCH_LI\tab CALABRO
\par NYE\tab 1:97-00155\tab CV97-10351\tab BUSCH_LI\tab KALMBACH-FROYD
\par NYE\tab 1:97-00157\tab CV97-10223\tab BUSCH_LI\tab POSNER
\par NYE\tab 1:97-00158\tab CV97-10224\tab BUSCH_LI\tab LAYNE
\par NYE\tab 1:97-00159\tab CV97-10225\tab BUSCH_LI\tab MORENO
\par NYE\tab 1:97-00277\tab CV97-10226\tab BUSCH_LI\tab KEANE
\par NYE\tab 1:97-01332\tab CV97-10525\tab RICHMA_S\tab RISH
\par NYE\tab 1:97-01333\tab CV97-10786\tab RICHMA_S\tab SANDERS
\par NYE\tab 1:97-01334\tab CV97-10787\tab BECKMA_S\tab WEAVER
\par NYE\tab 1:97-01335\tab CV97-10526\tab BECKMA_S\tab DUBEAU
\par NYE\tab 1:97-01350\tab CV97-10527\tab BECKMA_S\tab LADOUCEUR
\par NYE\tab 1:97-01351\tab CV97-10528\tab BECKMA_S\tab COWART
\par NYE\tab 1:97-01479\tab CV97-11116\tab BECKMA_S\tab BITAR-ZABLOCKI
\par NYE\tab 1:97-01480\tab CV97-11117\tab BECKMA_S\tab GRECO
\par NYE\tab 1:97-01481\tab CV97-10931\tab BECKMA_S\tab PIGNATO
\par NYE\tab 1:97-01483\tab CV97-11119\tab BECKMA_S\tab LYNCH
\par NYE\tab 1:97-01485\tab CV97-11121\tab BECKMA_S\tab MACIESKI
\par NYE\tab 1:97-01486\tab CV97-10932\tab PEDERS_M\tab ROGERS
\par NYE\tab 1:97-01649\tab CV97-10530\tab PEDERS_M\tab SOLBERG
\par NYE\tab 1:97-01657\tab CV97-11122\tab BECKMA_S\tab LEVOW-ALTMAN
\par NYE\tab 1:97-01658\tab CV97-11123\tab RICHMA_S\tab GREEN
\par NYE\tab 1:97-01680\tab CV97-10647\tab PEDERS_M\tab STOLARSKI
\par NYE\tab 1:97-01682\tab CV97-10531\tab PEDERS_M\tab FOSTER-LESSING
\par NYE\tab 1:97-01725\tab CV97-10532\tab PEDERS_M\tab ALLMAN
\par NYE\tab 1:97-01726\tab CV97-10533\tab LANDAU_D\tab BRODER
\par NYE\tab 1:97-01728\tab CV97-10648\tab PEDERS_M\tab SEIGERMAN
\par NYE\tab 1:97-01807\tab CV97-10649\tab PEDERS_M\tab FREEDMAN
\par NYE\tab 1:97-01808\tab CV97-10650\tab PEDERS_M\tab GARSO
\par NYE\tab 1:97-01868\tab CV97-10651\tab RICHMA_S\tab PASSMAN
\par NYE\tab 1:97-01876\tab CV97-11124\tab BECKMA_S\tab MOHAMMED
\par NYE\tab 1:97-02207\tab CV97-10652\tab ROTHST_D\tab WEISHAAR
\par NYE\tab 1:97-02369\tab CV97-10653\tab PEDERS_M\tab THOMPSON
\par NYE\tab 1:97-02370\tab CV97-10654\tab PEDERS_M\tab ROSS
\par NYE\tab 1:97-02371\tab CV97-10788\tab RICHMA_S\tab PETERSON
\par \sect }\sectd \lndscpsxn\pgwsxn15840\pghsxn12240\marglsxn864\margrsxn864\margtsxn900\margbsxn864\sbknone\linex0\headery900\footery864\sectdefaultcl \pard\plain \qj\nowidctlpar
\tx-576\tx0\tx450\tx1656\tx2916\tx4086\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360\tx10800\tx11520\adjustright {\f2\fs16 NYE\tab 1:97-02372\tab CV97-10789\tab RICHMA_S\tab GILJE
\par NYE\tab 1:97-02373\tab CV97-10655\tab BECKMA_S\tab MILLIAN
\par NYE\tab 1:97-02374\tab CV97-10656\tab BECKMA_S\tab LOTZ
\par NYE\tab 1:97-02623\tab CV97-10790\tab RICHMA_S\tab GILDSTON
\par NYE\tab 1:97-02639\tab CV97-10791\tab RICHMA_S\tab GOLD
\par NYE\tab 1:97-02640\tab CV97-10792\tab PEDERS_M\tab TRIFFON
\par NYE\tab 1:97-02641\tab CV97-10793\tab PEDERS_M\tab BOYLE
\par NYE\tab 1:97-02731\tab CV97-10794\tab PEDERS_M\tab SANTIAGO
\par NYE\tab 1:97-02732\tab CV97-10795\tab ROTHST_D\tab WALDMAN
\par NYE\tab 1:97-02745\tab CV97-10796\tab BUSCH_LI\tab TORRES
\par NYE\tab 1:97-02746\tab CV97-10797\tab BUSCH_LI\tab SMALL
\par NYE\tab 1:97-02783\tab CV97-10798\tab BUSCH_LI\tab VILLANI
\par NYE\tab 1:97-02820\tab CV97-10799\tab PEDERS_M\tab LAFALCE
\par NYE\tab 1:97-02888\tab CV97-10933\tab RICHMA_S\tab GRESSLER
\par NYE\tab 1:97-02899\tab CV97-10934\tab BECKMA_S\tab MCMAHON
\par NYE\tab 1:97-02909\tab CV97-10935\tab PEDERS_M\tab ELLIOT
\par NYE\tab 1:97-02992\tab CV97-10936\tab PEDERS_M\tab REA
\par NYE\tab 1:97-03188\tab CV97-11309\tab LANDAU_D\tab BALE
\par NYE\tab 1:97-03539\tab CV97-11125\tab PEDERS_M\tab RODRIGUEZ
\par NYE\tab 1:97-03633\tab CV97-11522\tab PEDERS_M\tab HERNDON
\par NYE\tab 1:97-03955\tab CV97-11310\tab PEDERS_M\tab COHEN-ROSS
\par NYE\tab 1:97-04203\tab CV97-11311\tab RICHMA_S\tab PORTER
\par NYE\tab 1:97-04399\tab CV97-11417\tab BUSCH_LI\tab PFEIFFER
\par NYE\tab 1:97-04400\tab CV97-11364\tab ROTHST_D\tab SPEZIO
\par NYE\tab 1:97-05000\tab CV98-11380\tab BUSCH_LI\tab BROWN-FISHER
\par NYE\tab 1:97-05247\tab CV98-11382\tab BUSCH_LI\tab BEINKE
\par NYE\tab 1:97-05248\tab CV98-11383\tab BUSCH_LI\tab FORD
\par NYE\tab 1:97-05249\tab CV98-11553\tab BUSCH_LI\tab HOLLAND
\par NYE\tab 1:97-05250\tab CV98-11384\tab PEDERS_M\tab SALTZMAN
\par NYE\tab 1:97-05263\tab CV98-11385\tab PEDERS_M\tab BYNUM
\par NYE\tab 1:97-05264\tab CV98-11386\tab PEDERS_M\tab HOFFRITZ-BROWN
\par NYE\tab 1:97-05272\tab CV98-11387\tab BUSCH_LI\tab ELY
\par NYE\tab 1:97-05283\tab CV98-11388\tab PEDERS_M\tab JAMES
\par NYE\tab 1:97-05284\tab CV98-11554\tab BUSCH_LI\tab HOWE
\par NYE\tab 1:97-05355\tab CV98-11555\tab BUSCH_LI\tab APPLEBAUM
\par NYE\tab 1:97-05419\tab CV98-11389\tab BUSCH_LI\tab WILSON
\par NYE\tab 1:97-05420\tab CV98-11390\tab BUSCH_LI\tab WINDFELDT
\par NYE\tab 1:97-05421\tab CV98-11391\tab BUSCH_LI\tab TEER
\par NYE\tab 1:97-05422\tab CV98-11392\tab BUSCH_LI\tab HOWARD
\par NYE\tab 1:97-05423\tab CV98-11393\tab BUSCH_LI\tab ROBERTSON
\par NYE\tab 1:97-05424\tab CV98-11394\tab BUSCH_LI\tab LAMB
\par NYE\tab 1:97-05443\tab CV98-11395\tab BUSCH_LI\tab PATTERSON
\par NYE\tab 1:97-05444\tab CV98-12041\tab BUSCH_LI\tab RUBLE
\par NYE\tab 1:97-05445\tab CV98-11396\tab BUSCH_LI\tab WILLIAMS
\par NYE\tab 1:97-05446\tab CV98-11556\tab BUSCH_LI\tab SNART
\par NYE\tab 1:97-05447\tab CV98-11397\tab BUSCH_LI\tab PARASO
\par NYE\tab 1:97-05448\tab CV98-11398\tab BUSCH_LI\tab RIGOT
\par NYE\tab 1:97-05453\tab CV98-11843\tab BUSCH_LI\tab MICHALSKI
\par NYE\tab 1:97-05455\tab CV98-11844\tab BUSCH_LI\tab MANSUETO
\par NYE\tab 1:97-05456\tab CV98-11845\tab BUSCH_LI\tab OWEN
\par \sect }\sectd \lndscpsxn\pgwsxn15840\pghsxn12240\marglsxn864\margrsxn864\margtsxn900\margbsxn864\sbknone\linex0\headery900\footery864\sectdefaultcl \pard\plain \qj\nowidctlpar
\tx-576\tx0\tx450\tx1656\tx2916\tx4086\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360\tx10800\tx11520\adjustright {\f2\fs16 NYE\tab 1:97-05457\tab CV98-11679\tab BUSCH_LI\tab HARBAUGH
\par NYE\tab 1:97-05458\tab CV98-11846\tab BUSCH_LI\tab MCCRACKEN
\par NYE\tab 1:97-05459\tab CV98-11847\tab BUSCH_LI\tab MATHIS
\par NYE\tab 1:97-05460\tab CV98-11680\tab BUSCH_LI\tab KITRUSH
\par NYE\tab 1:97-05461\tab CV98-11848\tab BUSCH_LI\tab MAYERS
\par NYE\tab 1:97-05463\tab CV98-11850\tab BUSCH_LI\tab MOORE
\par NYE\tab 1:97-05464\tab CV98-11851\tab BUSCH_LI\tab SPARKS
\par NYE\tab 1:97-05465\tab CV98-11852\tab BUSCH_LI\tab SMALL
\par NYE\tab 1:97-05466\tab CV98-11853\tab BUSCH_LI\tab ROGERS
\par NYE\tab 1:97-05467\tab CV98-11854\tab BUSCH_LI\tab SNYDER
\par NYE\tab 1:97-05468\tab CV98-11855\tab BUSCH_LI\tab LILLY
\par NYE\tab 1:97-05470\tab CV98-11856\tab BUSCH_LI\tab LINDLY
\par NYE\tab 1:97-05471\tab CV98-11681\tab BUSCH_LI\tab GODLESKI
\par NYE\tab 1:97-05497\tab CV98-11557\tab BUSCH_LI\tab WEST
\par NYE\tab 1:97-05499\tab CV98-11857\tab BUSCH_LI\tab MARSHALL
\par NYE\tab 1:97-05501\tab CV98-11858\tab BUSCH_LI\tab NACUA
\par NYE\tab 1:97-05503\tab CV98-11683\tab BUSCH_LI\tab EZELL
\par NYE\tab 1:97-05507\tab CV98-11684\tab BUSCH_LI\tab GELLMAN
\par NYE\tab 1:97-05509\tab CV98-11859\tab BUSCH_LI\tab O'DOUL
\par NYE\tab 1:97-05511\tab CV98-11685\tab GORDON_R\tab ALDRIDGE
\par NYE\tab 1:97-05559\tab CV98-11686\tab BUSCH_LI\tab DALY
\par NYE\tab 1:97-05560\tab CV98-11687\tab BUSCH_LI\tab CREACY
\par NYE\tab 1:97-05561\tab CV98-11860\tab BUSCH_LI\tab MANN
\par NYE\tab 1:97-05567\tab CV98-11399\tab BUSCH_LI\tab CAUDILL
\par NYE\tab 1:97-05581\tab CV98-11689\tab BUSCH_LI\tab ROSTOCK
\par NYE\tab 1:97-05582\tab CV98-11400\tab BUSCH_LI\tab COOLEY-HOLDA
\par NYE\tab 1:97-05583\tab CV98-11401\tab BUSCH_LI\tab BILLUPS-HOLLEN
\par NYE\tab 1:97-05584\tab CV98-11558\tab BUSCH_LI\tab DRYDEN
\par NYE\tab 1:97-05607\tab CV98-11559\tab BUSCH_LI\tab BRESLAW
\par NYE\tab 1:97-05608\tab CV98-11402\tab BUSCH_LI\tab THOMSON
\par NYE\tab 1:97-05610\tab CV98-11690\tab BUSCH_LI\tab NICKLES
\par NYE\tab 1:97-05611\tab CV98-11691\tab BUSCH_LI\tab KAYE
\par NYE\tab 1:97-05613\tab CV98-11403\tab BUSCH_LI\tab JAMESON
\par NYE\tab 1:97-05677\tab CV98-11560\tab BUSCH_LI\tab HESS
\par NYE\tab 1:97-05679\tab CV98-11405\tab BUSCH_LI\tab KALLESTAD
\par NYE\tab 1:97-05680\tab CV98-11406\tab BUSCH_LI\tab BENEDON
\par NYE\tab 1:97-05682\tab CV98-11561\tab BUSCH_LI\tab WING
\par NYE\tab 1:97-05683\tab CV98-11407\tab BUSCH_LI\tab CAIN
\par NYE\tab 1:97-05684\tab CV98-11408\tab BUSCH_LI\tab LARIS
\par NYE\tab 1:97-05685\tab CV98-11562\tab BUSCH_LI\tab LARSON
\par NYE\tab 1:97-05686\tab CV98-11563\tab BUSCH_LI\tab DOROTHY
\par NYE\tab 1:97-05687\tab CV98-11564\tab BUSCH_LI\tab MARTIN
\par NYE\tab 1:97-05688\tab CV98-11565\tab BUSCH_LI\tab AVONDET
\par NYE\tab 1:97-05689\tab CV98-11409\tab BUSCH_LI\tab TOMSON
\par NYE\tab 1:97-05691\tab CV98-11410\tab BUSCH_LI\tab CARTER
\par NYE\tab 1:97-05692\tab CV98-11566\tab BUSCH_LI\tab DUNGAN
\par NYE\tab 1:97-05693\tab CV98-11567\tab BUSCH_LI\tab EASTMAN
\par NYE\tab 1:97-05694\tab CV98-11568\tab BUSCH_LI\tab WOHL-MCBRIDE
\par NYE\tab 1:97-05695\tab CV98-11569\tab BUSCH_LI\tab HELSING
\par NYE\tab 1:97-05696\tab CV98-11570\tab BUSCH_LI\tab OVERTON
\par \sect }\sectd \lndscpsxn\pgwsxn15840\pghsxn12240\marglsxn864\margrsxn864\margtsxn900\margbsxn864\sbknone\linex0\headery900\footery864\sectdefaultcl \pard\plain \qj\nowidctlpar
\tx-576\tx0\tx450\tx1656\tx2916\tx4086\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360\tx10800\tx11520\adjustright {\f2\fs16 NYE\tab 1:97-05698\tab CV98-11571\tab BUSCH_LI\tab CONNELLEY
\par NYE\tab 1:97-05699\tab CV98-11572\tab BUSCH_LI\tab FITZGERALD
\par NYE\tab 1:97-05700\tab CV98-11411\tab BUSCH_LI\tab CARPISO
\par NYE\tab 1:97-05701\tab CV98-11412\tab BUSCH_LI\tab BILLIE
\par NYE\tab 1:97-05867\tab CV98-11693\tab BUSCH_LI\tab HIRSCH
\par NYE\tab 1:97-05868\tab CV98-11694\tab BUSCH_LI\tab MARTIN
\par NYE\tab 1:97-05869\tab CV98-11695\tab BUSCH_LI\tab PARO-WARREN
\par NYE\tab 1:97-06028\tab CV98-11413\tab BUSCH_LI\tab CARLISLE
\par NYE\tab 1:97-06029\tab CV98-11573\tab BUSCH_LI\tab HAAG
\par NYE\tab 1:97-06030\tab CV98-11574\tab BUSCH_LI\tab TREWNICK
\par NYE\tab 1:97-06338\tab CV98-11414\tab BUSCH_LI\tab NEHMAD
\par NYE\tab 1:97-06339\tab CV98-11415\tab BUSCH_LI\tab LANG-KOONAPORNTUM
\par NYE\tab 1:97-06343\tab CV98-11416\tab CALLA_JO\tab BASHAM
\par NYE\tab 1:97-06352\tab CV98-11926\tab BUSCH_LI\tab MORRISON
\par NYE\tab 1:97-06510\tab CV98-11417\tab BUSCH_LI\tab HACK
\par NYE\tab 1:97-06511\tab CV98-11575\tab BUSCH_LI\tab CONKLE
\par NYE\tab 1:97-06512\tab CV98-11576\tab BUSCH_LI\tab STOCKSTILL
\par NYE\tab 1:97-06514\tab CV98-11577\tab BUSCH_LI\tab GREENBERG
\par NYE\tab 1:97-06515\tab CV98-11418\tab BUSCH_LI\tab RAYMER
\par NYE\tab 1:97-06517\tab CV98-11420\tab BUSCH_LI\tab GARCIE
\par NYE\tab 1:97-06518\tab CV98-11421\tab BUSCH_LI\tab SIMPKINS
\par NYE\tab 1:97-06519\tab CV98-11422\tab BUSCH_LI\tab O'CONNOR
\par NYE\tab 1:97-06520\tab CV98-11423\tab BUSCH_LI\tab THWEATT-WINTHROW
\par NYE\tab 1:97-06521\tab CV98-11424\tab BUSCH_LI\tab FRALICK
\par NYE\tab 1:97-06522\tab CV98-11578\tab BUSCH_LI\tab KLYM
\par NYE\tab 1:97-06525\tab CV98-11579\tab BUSCH_LI\tab RYAN
\par NYE\tab 1:97-06527\tab CV98-11580\tab BUSCH_LI\tab IPPOLITO
\par NYE\tab 1:97-06672\tab CV98-11425\tab BUSCH_LI\tab COFIELD
\par NYE\tab 1:97-06846\tab CV98-11426\tab BUSCH_LI\tab REPKA
\par NYE\tab 1:97-06847\tab CV98-11427\tab BUSCH_LI\tab HOLMES
\par NYE\tab 1:97-07351\tab CV98-12042\tab PENNOC_P\tab HAMMOCK
\par NYE\tab 1:97-07352\tab CV98-12043\tab PENNOC_P\tab JAFFE
\par NYE\tab 1:97-07360\tab CV98-12044\tab PENNOC_P\tab INDIK
\par NYE\tab 1:97-07362\tab CV98-12120\tab PENNOC_P\tab KELLY
\par NYE\tab 1:97-07364\tab CV98-12121\tab PENNOC_P\tab SMALLEY
\par NYE\tab 1:97-07367\tab CV98-12122\tab PENNOC_P\tab WEATHERFORD
\par NYE\tab 1:97-07368\tab CV98-12045\tab PENNOC_P\tab LOIZZI
\par NYE\tab 1:97-07372\tab CV98-12046\tab PENNOC_P\tab PEARSON
\par NYE\tab 1:97-07376\tab CV98-12123\tab PENNOC_P\tab BURTON
\par NYE\tab 1:97-07380\tab CV98-12047\tab PENNOC_P\tab ALLANSON
\par NYE\tab 1:97-07382\tab CV98-12124\tab PENNOC_P\tab BLAGMON
\par NYE\tab 1:97-07383\tab CV98-12048\tab PENNOC_P\tab GLEED
\par NYE\tab 1:98-00118\tab CV98-11927\tab SHAINW_S\tab EZRA
\par NYE\tab 1:98-01625\tab CV98-12125\tab BUSCH_LI\tab VINCELL
\par NYE\tab 1:98-01626\tab CV98-12126\tab BUSCH_LI\tab LESTER
\par NYE\tab 1:98-01627\tab CV98-12127\tab BUSCH_LI\tab LATONI
\par NYE\tab 1:98-01628\tab CV98-12128\tab BUSCH_LI\tab ROY
\par NYE\tab 1:98-01629\tab CV98-12129\tab BUSCH_LI\tab EVANS
\par NYE\tab 1:98-02869\tab CV98-12130\tab BUSCH_LI\tab KIMPTON
\par NYE\tab 1:98-02870\tab CV98-12131\tab BUSCH_LI\tab JEPPESEN
\par \sect }\sectd \lndscpsxn\pgwsxn15840\pghsxn12240\marglsxn864\margrsxn864\margtsxn900\margbsxn864\sbknone\linex0\headery900\footery864\sectdefaultcl \pard\plain \qj\nowidctlpar
\tx-576\tx0\tx450\tx1656\tx2916\tx4086\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360\tx10800\tx11520\adjustright {\f2\fs16 NYE\tab 1:98-04424\tab CV98-12308\tab BUSCH_LI\tab HARRELL
\par NYE\tab 1:98-04425\tab CV98-12309\tab BUSCH_LI\tab BRADEN
\par NYE\tab 1:98-04426\tab CV98-12310\tab BUSCH_LI\tab THOMAS
\par NYE\tab 1:98-04427\tab CV98-12263\tab BUSCH_LI\tab PARRACK
\par NYE\tab 1:98-04989\tab CV98-12311\tab BUSCH_LI\tab ARDOIN
\par NYE\tab 1:98-04992\tab CV98-12312\tab BUSCH_LI\tab MILLER
\par NYE\tab 1:98-04994\tab CV98-12313\tab BUSCH_LI\tab ECKERT
\par NYE\tab 1:98-04996\tab CV98-12314\tab BUSCH_LI\tab FLAMHOLTZ
\par NYE\tab 1:98-04997\tab CV98-12315\tab BUSCH_LI\tab BOOTH
\par NYE\tab 1:98-05249\tab CV98-12344\tab BUSCH_LI\tab AUZENNE
\par NYE\tab 1:98-05250\tab CV98-12345\tab BUSCH_LI\tab CRATE
\par NYE\tab 1:98-05251\tab CV98-12346\tab BUSCH_LI\tab OVERTON
\par NYE\tab 1:98-05252\tab CV98-12347\tab BUSCH_LI\tab HOLLAND
\par NYE\tab 1:98-05253\tab CV98-12348\tab BUSCH_LI\tab BENTON
\par NYE\tab 1:98-05254\tab CV98-12349\tab BUSCH_LI\tab BENNETT
\par NYE\tab 1:98-05255\tab CV98-12350\tab BUSCH_LI\tab FRYSINGER
\par NYE\tab 1:98-05487\tab CV98-12351\tab BUSCH_LI\tab CULLINS
\par NYE\tab 1:98-05490\tab CV98-12352\tab BUSCH_LI\tab PENA
\par NYE\tab 1:98-05492\tab CV98-12353\tab BUSCH_LI\tab KIERNAN
\par NYE\tab 1:98-05493\tab CV98-12354\tab BUSCH_LI\tab SULLIVAN
\par NYE\tab 1:98-05494\tab CV98-12355\tab BUSCH_LI\tab WHITE
\par NYE\tab 1:98-05495\tab CV98-12356\tab BUSCH_LI\tab MANN
\par NYE\tab 1:98-05496\tab CV98-12357\tab BUSCH_LI\tab OAKES
\par NYE\tab 1:98-05497\tab CV98-12358\tab BUSCH_LI\tab SWANSON
\par NYE\tab 1:98-06408\tab CV99-10015\tab BUSCH_LI\tab NAGLE-ANDERSON
\par NYE\tab 1:98-06409\tab CV99-10016\tab BUSCH_LI\tab GOODMAN
\par NYE\tab 1:98-06488\tab CV98-12372\tab BUSCH_LI\tab HAILE
\par NYE\tab 1:98-06490\tab CV99-10017\tab BUSCH_LI\tab WATSON
\par NYE\tab 9:95-04057\tab CV97-11126\tab CHIERA_R\tab BODKIN
\par NYE\tab 9:95-04070\tab CV97-10022\tab CHIERA_R\tab KORMAN
\par NYE\tab 9:95-04073\tab CV97-11127\tab CHIERA_R\tab HEFFRON
\par NYE\tab 9:97-03872\tab CV97-11128\tab MOLBER_A\tab GOMAR
\par NYN\tab 1:98-00457\tab CV98-11928\tab RYAN_EDW\tab SUSCIETTO
\par NYN\tab 1:98-00458\tab CV98-11929\tab RYAN_EDW\tab MYERS
\par NYN\tab 3:97-00709\tab CV97-10937\tab BOUMAN_P\tab CLAIRMONT
\par NYN\tab 5:95-01038\tab CV95-11952\tab HENKEL_L\tab BLASLAND
\par NYS\tab 1:93-00312\tab CV93-10960\tab RAM_CAND\tab SYNDER
\par NYS\tab 1:93-00592\tab CV93-11121\tab DANKNE_J\tab ROEDER
\par NYS\tab 1:93-04280\tab CV93-14365\tab PENNOC_P\tab ELLIS
\par NYS\tab 1:93-05352\tab CV93-13092\tab PENNOC_P\tab DUNCAN
\par NYS\tab 1:93-05451\tab CV94-10637\tab PENNOC_P\tab BOX
\par NYS\tab 1:93-06828\tab CV93-14369\tab PAHIGI_P\tab PRATER
\par NYS\tab 1:94-02976\tab CV94-13496\tab KNOWLT_S\tab GOODEN
\par NYS\tab 1:94-05381\tab CV94-14466\tab PAHIGI_P\tab LOMBARDO
\par NYS\tab 1:95-04038\tab CV95-10245\tab WEITZ_PE\tab SCHIAVONE
\par NYS\tab 1:95-04039\tab CV95-10246\tab RAM_CAND\tab DEMATO
\par NYS\tab 1:95-04193\tab CV95-10267\tab WEITZ_PE\tab GORMAN
\par NYS\tab 1:95-04242\tab CV95-10448\tab RHEING_P\tab LAVORGNA
\par NYS\tab 1:95-04255\tab CV95-10455\tab CASPA_S*\tab CASPARY
\par NYS\tab 1:95-04287\tab CV95-10475\tab RESNIC_A\tab MARTINEZ
\par \sect }\sectd \lndscpsxn\pgwsxn15840\pghsxn12240\marglsxn864\margrsxn864\margtsxn900\margbsxn864\sbknone\linex0\headery900\footery864\sectdefaultcl \pard\plain \qj\nowidctlpar
\tx-576\tx0\tx450\tx1656\tx2916\tx4086\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360\tx10800\tx11520\adjustright {\f2\fs16 NYS\tab 1:95-04426\tab CV95-10476\tab HECHT_AL\tab MARTINI
\par NYS\tab 1:95-05953\tab CV95-19115\tab CHIERA_R\tab DIBARTOLO
\par NYS\tab 1:95-05993\tab CV96-10042\tab CHIERA_R\tab LAUDADIO
\par NYS\tab 1:95-07160\tab CV95-17870\tab WEITZ_PE\tab SCIBELLI
\par NYS\tab 1:95-07161\tab CV95-17871\tab WEITZ_PE\tab SCOTT
\par NYS\tab 1:95-07166\tab CV95-17872\tab WEITZ_PE\tab SHAW
\par NYS\tab 1:95-07502\tab CV96-10193\tab WEITZ_PE\tab PRINCE
\par NYS\tab 1:95-07512\tab CV96-10202\tab WEITZ_PE\tab REISCHLING
\par NYS\tab 1:95-07530\tab CV96-10334\tab SHAINW_S\tab BALESTRA
\par NYS\tab 1:95-07532\tab CV96-10335\tab SHAINW_S\tab BLAKE
\par NYS\tab 1:95-07535\tab CV96-10336\tab RAM_CAND\tab BRADY
\par NYS\tab 1:95-07536\tab CV96-10337\tab SHAINW_S\tab BROCKLER
\par NYS\tab 1:95-07537\tab CV96-10338\tab KNOWLT_S\tab CAMARDA
\par NYS\tab 1:95-07558\tab CV96-10344\tab WEITZ_PE\tab DEMPSEY
\par NYS\tab 1:95-07559\tab CV96-10345\tab WEITZ_PE\tab DEPALO
\par NYS\tab 1:95-07615\tab CV96-10268\tab SHAINW_S\tab TROVATO
\par NYS\tab 1:95-08612\tab CV96-10405\tab LIPSIG_H\tab STORM
\par NYS\tab 1:95-08806\tab CV96-10272\tab WEITZ_PE\tab AMABILE
\par NYS\tab 1:95-08807\tab CV96-10273\tab WEITZ_PE\tab ARMANINI
\par NYS\tab 1:95-08828\tab CV96-10457\tab WEITZ_PE\tab COHEN
\par NYS\tab 1:95-08894\tab CV97-10102\tab WEITZ_PE\tab COLLINS
\par NYS\tab 1:95-08963\tab CV96-10492\tab WEITZ_PE\tab GOLDBERG
\par NYS\tab 1:95-08999\tab CV97-10103\tab WEITZ_PE\tab MINKOFF
\par NYS\tab 1:97-00411\tab CV97-10800\tab SHAINW_S\tab COHEN
\par NYS\tab 1:97-02210\tab CV97-10657\tab RHEING_D\tab PRIMAMORE
\par NYS\tab 1:97-02443\tab CV97-11129\tab WEITZ_PE\tab COUGHLAN
\par NYS\tab 1:97-04818\tab CV97-11130\tab RHEING_D\tab BEREZONSKY
\par NYS\tab 1:97-06694\tab CV98-12133\tab PENNOC_P\tab GILLIAM
\par NYS\tab 1:97-06701\tab CV97-11975\tab PENNOC_P\tab JENDRASIK
\par NYS\tab 1:97-06703\tab CV98-12134\tab PENNOC_P\tab BURGESS
\par NYS\tab 1:97-07345\tab CV98-12135\tab PEDERS_M\tab SWEITZER
\par NYS\tab 1:97-08788\tab CV98-11429\tab ROTHST_D\tab ROTHSTEIN
\par NYS\tab 1:97-08789\tab CV98-11430\tab ROTHST_D\tab TIPPY
\par NYS\tab 1:97-09242\tab CV98-11581\tab MAYESH_J\tab GRIMM
\par NYS\tab 1:97-09243\tab CV98-11582\tab GORDON_R\tab COLLURA
\par NYS\tab 1:97-09446\tab CV98-12136\tab BUSCH_LI\tab PRIVATERA
\par NYS\tab 1:97-09533\tab CV98-12137\tab PEDERS_M\tab THOMSEN
\par NYS\tab 1:98-00914\tab CV98-11861\tab BUSCH_LI\tab GRIMM
\par NYS\tab 1:98-03142\tab CV98-12220\tab PEDERS_M\tab SEIDAH
\par NYS\tab 1:98-03855\tab CV98-12221\tab TEITEL_E\tab KAUFMAN
\par NYS\tab 1:98-05464\tab CV98-12373\tab BUSCH_LI\tab KREMPASKY
\par NYS\tab 1:98-07956\tab CV99-10058\tab PENNOC_P\tab KOVAC
\par NYS\tab 7:97-06229\tab CV97-11702\tab TURKEW_R\tab LORA
\par NYW\tab 1:94-00081\tab CV94-11501\tab KAHN_DEN\tab FISHER
\par NYW\tab 1:95-00396\tab CV95-10305\tab PONTER_M\tab ALLARD
\par NYW\tab 1:95-00397\tab CV95-10195\tab PONTER_M\tab BARBERA
\par NYW\tab 1:95-00439\tab CV95-10196\tab HENKEL_L\tab MONNAT
\par NYW\tab 1:95-00442\tab CV95-10306\tab HENKEL_L\tab REED
\par NYW\tab 1:95-00581\tab CV96-12220\tab PONTER_M\tab DUNMIRE
\par NYW\tab 6:94-06271\tab CV94-13685\tab ANDERS_P\tab JOSLYN
\par \sect }\sectd \lndscpsxn\pgwsxn15840\pghsxn12240\marglsxn864\margrsxn864\margtsxn900\margbsxn864\sbknone\linex0\headery900\footery864\sectdefaultcl \pard\plain \qj\nowidctlpar
\tx-576\tx0\tx450\tx1656\tx2916\tx4086\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360\tx10800\tx11520\adjustright {\f2\fs16 NYW\tab 6:94-06298\tab CV94-13692\tab SCHWA_ST\tab BARONE
\par NYW\tab 6:96-06158\tab CV96-11982\tab VANHOU_M\tab DALLAS
\par OHN\tab 1:93-01460\tab CV93-13129\tab KENNE_ER\tab KRAUS
\par OHN\tab 1:93-01995\tab CV93-13892\tab HUGO_MIC\tab D'AURORA
\par OHN\tab 1:93-01997\tab CV93-13894\tab LOWE_JAM\tab GELMAN
\par OHN\tab 1:93-01998\tab CV93-13895\tab LOWE_JAM\tab PAPANTONIOU
\par OHN\tab 1:93-02001\tab CV93-13897\tab LOWE_JAM\tab KUENZEL
\par OHN\tab 1:97-00195\tab CV97-11525\tab BRODHE_P\tab RICHARDSON
\par OHN\tab 1:97-00209\tab CV97-10231\tab SMITH_M.\tab MORRIS
\par OHN\tab 1:97-00211\tab CV97-10232\tab SMITH_M.\tab HOFFMAN
\par OHN\tab 1:97-00456\tab CV97-10353\tab MABRY_SA\tab MABRY
\par OHN\tab 1:97-02443\tab CV97-11703\tab ANTOGN_B\tab ROWE
\par OHN\tab 1:97-02476\tab CV97-11976\tab EBLE_TIM\tab SHEDROFF
\par OHN\tab 3:97-07555\tab CV97-11132\tab EBLE_TIM\tab MILLER
\par OHN\tab 3:97-07718\tab CV98-11696\tab ANTOGN_B\tab GROSS
\par OHN\tab 3:98-07367\tab CV99-10049\tab JORDAN_D\tab REEVES
\par OHN\tab 4:93-00981\tab CV93-11971\tab ABRAM_RI\tab TOBIN
\par OHN\tab 4:94-02097\tab CV94-14567\tab SCANLO_L\tab RENDA
\par OHN\tab 4:97-02136\tab CV97-11418\tab BRODHE_P\tab SHESSLER
\par OHN\tab 4:97-02475\tab CV97-11981\tab EBLE_TIM\tab LILLIER
\par OHN\tab 5:97-00210\tab CV97-10238\tab SMITH_M.\tab ELVIN
\par OHN\tab 5:97-00637\tab CV97-10406\tab DIGIAN_E\tab ASHLEY
\par OHN\tab 5:97-00638\tab CV97-10407\tab DIGIAN_E\tab GIANNINI
\par OHN\tab 5:97-00669\tab CV97-10408\tab HILKER_M\tab THOMAS
\par OHN\tab 5:97-01987\tab CV97-11312\tab NORRIS_A\tab MANCINI
\par OHS\tab 1:92-00445\tab CV92-10611\tab KENNE_RE\tab BADER
\par OHS\tab 1:92-00446\tab CV92-10612\tab KENNE_RE\tab NICKERSON
\par OHS\tab 1:92-00447\tab CV92-10613\tab KENNE_RE\tab BUTVIN
\par OHS\tab 1:92-00449\tab CV92-10615\tab KENNE_RE\tab MARTHA
\par OHS\tab 1:97-00837\tab CV98-11455\tab JONSON_G\tab YONTZ
\par OHS\tab 1:97-00929\tab CV98-10204\tab DEUTSC_D\tab BILLINGSLEY
\par OHS\tab 1:97-00983\tab CV97-12240\tab JONSON_G\tab CHAMBERLAIN
\par OHS\tab 2:97-00660\tab CV97-10938\tab ROWELL_A\tab WOLFINGBARGER
\par OHS\tab 2:97-00713\tab CV97-11133\tab EBLE_TIM\tab MURPHY
\par OHS\tab 2:97-00979\tab CV98-12138\tab BUCCI_GU\tab SYAR
\par OHS\tab 2:97-01037\tab CV97-11709\tab EBLE_TIM\tab DALTON
\par OHS\tab 2:97-01234\tab CV98-12374\tab VOLKEM_D\tab VENTRISS
\par OHS\tab 2:98-00160\tab CV98-12139\tab VOLKEM_D\tab WARD
\par OHS\tab 2:98-00175\tab CV98-11862\tab EBLE_TIM\tab DENTON
\par OHS\tab 2:98-00176\tab CV98-11863\tab EBLE_TIM\tab LEWIS
\par OHS\tab 2:98-00278\tab CV98-11930\tab EBLE_TIM\tab VAUGHAN
\par OKE\tab 6:95-00047\tab CV95-10116\tab ENGLEM_D\tab ENGLEMAN
\par OKE\tab 6:97-00308\tab CV97-11134\tab LUNDY_HU\tab RATLIFF
\par OKN\tab 4:92-01102\tab CV93-10289\tab HUTTON_M\tab WILLIAMS
\par OKN\tab 4:94-01172\tab CV95-10088\tab HUTTON_M\tab LOERTCHER
\par OKN\tab 4:97-00430\tab CV97-10802\tab HUTTON_M\tab ARMER
\par OKN\tab 4:97-00520\tab CV97-10803\tab HUTTON_M\tab DERNOVISH
\par OKN\tab 4:97-00882\tab CV97-11710\tab HUTTON_M\tab KLINGE
\par OKN\tab 4:97-00883\tab CV97-11711\tab HUTTON_M\tab KELLY
\par OKN\tab 4:97-00884\tab CV97-11712\tab HUTTON_M\tab FRAMPTON
\par \sect }\sectd \lndscpsxn\pgwsxn15840\pghsxn12240\marglsxn864\margrsxn864\margtsxn900\margbsxn864\sbknone\linex0\headery900\footery864\sectdefaultcl \pard\plain \qj\nowidctlpar
\tx-576\tx0\tx450\tx1656\tx2916\tx4086\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360\tx10800\tx11520\adjustright {\f2\fs16 OKN\tab 4:97-00885\tab CV97-11713\tab HUTTON_M\tab SANDS
\par OKN\tab 4:97-00886\tab CV97-11714\tab HUTTON_M\tab BARR
\par OKN\tab 4:97-00887\tab CV97-11715\tab HUTTON_M\tab CHARLTON
\par OKN\tab 4:97-00888\tab CV97-11716\tab HUTTON_M\tab FARLEY
\par OKN\tab 4:97-01046\tab CV98-10205\tab HUTTON_M\tab MORGAN
\par OKN\tab 4:97-01047\tab CV98-10206\tab HUTTON_M\tab LEE
\par OKN\tab 4:97-01048\tab CV98-10207\tab HUTTON_M\tab HESS
\par OKN\tab 4:97-01105\tab CV98-11583\tab HUTTON_M\tab DOBBS
\par OKN\tab 4:97-01106\tab CV98-11584\tab HUTTON_M\tab DAVIES
\par OKW\tab 5:92-02215\tab CV93-11277\tab LAMPKI_B\tab BELL
\par OKW\tab 5:95-00021\tab CV95-10052\tab MUSE_LAR\tab COOPER
\par OKW\tab 5:95-00385\tab CV95-10117\tab SLAMA_JO\tab BRAKEBILL
\par OKW\tab 5:95-00521\tab CV95-12011\tab SLAMA_JO\tab HAY
\par OKW\tab 5:97-00140\tab CV97-10243\tab WEST_BRA\tab HATCHER
\par OKW\tab 5:97-01253\tab CV97-11313\tab BERR_JAM\tab BENNETT
\par OKW\tab 5:97-01565\tab CV97-11721\tab HUTTON_M\tab ROE
\par OKW\tab 5:97-01566\tab CV97-11722\tab HUTTON_M\tab LEHL
\par OKW\tab 5:97-01855\tab CV98-11585\tab ROMANO_R\tab KNOX
\par OKW\tab 5:97-01856\tab CV98-10208\tab ROMANO_R\tab GUTIERREZ
\par OKW\tab 5:97-01908\tab CV98-10209\tab HUTTON_M\tab KUNSTEL
\par OKW\tab 5:97-01909\tab CV98-10210\tab HUTTON_M\tab NIXON
\par OKW\tab 5:97-01999\tab CV98-11458\tab ROMANO_R\tab STARR
\par OR\tab 1:97-03069\tab CV97-11990\tab HUTTON_M\tab JOHNSON
\par OR\tab 3:92-00346\tab CV92-10237\tab TROUTW_G\tab NELSON
\par OR\tab 3:92-01641\tab CV93-10663\tab TROUTW_G\tab BELISLE
\par OR\tab 3:92-01643\tab CV93-10472\tab TROUTW_G\tab GANT
\par OR\tab 3:93-00463\tab CV93-11852\tab WILLI_MI\tab FOSHEE
\par OR\tab 3:94-00259\tab CV94-12669\tab TROUTW_G\tab DEBRA BUTZER
\par OR\tab 3:94-00260\tab CV94-12670\tab DAILEY_K\tab JANET ADAMSON
\par OR\tab 3:94-00692\tab CV94-13876\tab TROUTW_G\tab ADAMS
\par OR\tab 3:94-00902\tab CV94-14085\tab TROUTW_G\tab MACCOBY
\par OR\tab 3:94-00945\tab CV94-14233\tab TROUTW_G\tab HURD
\par OR\tab 3:94-00947\tab CV94-14235\tab TROUTW_G\tab FAIRBROTHER
\par OR\tab 3:94-00949\tab CV94-14236\tab TROUTW_G\tab ANDERSEN
\par OR\tab 3:95-00833\tab CV95-10530\tab WILLI_MI\tab THORNTON
\par OR\tab 3:95-01082\tab CV97-11135\tab EYERMA_L\tab FREY
\par OR\tab 3:95-01083\tab CV97-11136\tab DAILEY_K\tab KALAC
\par OR\tab 3:95-01169\tab CV96-10525\tab DAILEY_K\tab COLLINS
\par OR\tab 3:95-01177\tab CV96-10531\tab KOCHER_L\tab WEBB
\par OR\tab 3:95-01951\tab CV96-10536\tab WILLI_MI\tab ALLEN
\par OR\tab 3:96-01679\tab CV97-10023\tab DAILEY_K\tab JOHNS
\par OR\tab 3:96-01680\tab CV97-10024\tab DAILEY_K\tab GARZA
\par OR\tab 3:96-01681\tab CV97-10025\tab DAILEY_K\tab BUNICK
\par OR\tab 3:97-00022\tab CV97-11137\tab CRAINE_D\tab BRANDON
\par OR\tab 3:97-00054\tab CV97-10156\tab CRAINE_D\tab LATIMER
\par OR\tab 3:97-00055\tab CV97-10157\tab CRAINE_D\tab BELL
\par OR\tab 3:97-00387\tab CV97-10410\tab CRAINE_D\tab BUIE
\par OR\tab 3:97-00388\tab CV97-10411\tab CRAINE_D\tab SCHEEL
\par OR\tab 3:97-00749\tab CV97-10659\tab DAILEY_K\tab SHARER
\par OR\tab 3:97-00890\tab CV97-10939\tab PRESTO_P\tab PYKE
\par \sect }\sectd \lndscpsxn\pgwsxn15840\pghsxn12240\marglsxn864\margrsxn864\margtsxn900\margbsxn864\sbknone\linex0\headery900\footery864\sectdefaultcl \pard\plain \qj\nowidctlpar
\tx-576\tx0\tx450\tx1656\tx2916\tx4086\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360\tx10800\tx11520\adjustright {\f2\fs16 OR\tab 3:97-00891\tab CV97-10940\tab PRESTO_P\tab SMITH
\par OR\tab 3:97-00892\tab CV97-10941\tab PRESTO_P\tab JAMES
\par OR\tab 3:97-01008\tab CV97-10944\tab DAILEY_K\tab HORINE
\par OR\tab 3:97-01009\tab CV97-10945\tab DAILEY_K\tab JOHNSON
\par OR\tab 3:97-01093\tab CV97-11138\tab DAILEY_K\tab CHUBB
\par OR\tab 3:97-01094\tab CV97-11139\tab WILLI_MI\tab MCVEY
\par OR\tab 3:97-01160\tab CV97-11140\tab DAILEY_K\tab ROSS
\par OR\tab 3:97-01227\tab CV97-11314\tab PRESTO_P\tab FRIED
\par OR\tab 3:97-01230\tab CV97-11315\tab DAILEY_K\tab CURTIS
\par OR\tab 3:97-01382\tab CV97-11723\tab DAILEY_K\tab HEATH
\par OR\tab 3:97-01393\tab CV97-11725\tab DAILEY_K\tab AUSTIN
\par OR\tab 3:97-01394\tab CV97-11726\tab DAILEY_K\tab LUESSEN
\par OR\tab 3:97-01395\tab CV97-11727\tab DAILEY_K\tab NORDSTROM
\par OR\tab 3:97-01396\tab CV97-11728\tab DAILEY_K\tab VON HASLINER
\par OR\tab 3:97-01420\tab CV97-11991\tab CRAINE_D\tab EVANS
\par OR\tab 3:97-01466\tab CV97-11992\tab DAILEY_K\tab DUDELHEIM
\par OR\tab 3:97-01478\tab CV97-11993\tab DAILEY_K\tab COLLINS
\par OR\tab 3:97-01535\tab CV98-11774\tab CRAINE_D\tab MICALLEF-SMITH
\par OR\tab 3:97-01547\tab CV97-12243\tab CRAINE_D\tab CRASWELL
\par OR\tab 3:97-01614\tab CV97-12359\tab EYERMA_L\tab WILKINS
\par OR\tab 3:97-01686\tab CV98-10211\tab DAILEY_K\tab DURKIN
\par OR\tab 3:97-01773\tab CV98-11702\tab CRAINE_D\tab ELKAN
\par OR\tab 3:97-06048\tab CV97-10412\tab CORSON_D\tab NELL
\par OR\tab 3:98-00060\tab CV98-11703\tab CRAINE_D\tab MILLER
\par OR\tab 6:96-06195\tab CV96-12474\tab JOHNSO_A\tab LANE
\par OR\tab 6:97-06048\tab CV97-10355\tab CORSON_D\tab NELL
\par OR\tab 6:97-06306\tab CV98-11459\tab HUTTON_M\tab VANDERPOOL
\par PAE\tab 2:92-07007\tab CV93-10139\tab CORCHI_M\tab HARDING
\par PAE\tab 2:92-07008\tab CV93-10140\tab CORCHI_M\tab FACKENTHALL
\par PAE\tab 2:92-07052\tab CV93-10145\tab CORCHI_M\tab WALKER
\par PAE\tab 2:92-07085\tab CV93-10152\tab CORCHI_M\tab WILKINSON
\par PAE\tab 2:93-00133\tab CV93-10475\tab FODERA_L\tab KILMER
\par PAE\tab 2:93-00134\tab CV93-10476\tab FODERA_L\tab WOZNIAK
\par PAE\tab 2:94-01589\tab CV94-12060\tab CORCHI_M\tab DOEBLER
\par PAE\tab 2:95-04322\tab CV95-18121\tab SHELLE_J\tab CAPLAN-HARTSELL
\par PAE\tab 2:95-04830\tab CV95-19235\tab SONNEN_J\tab TARR
\par PAE\tab 2:95-04969\tab CV97-10244\tab BARRE_MI\tab TYLER
\par PAE\tab 2:95-05048\tab CV95-19320\tab SHELLE_J\tab SANCHEZ
\par PAE\tab 2:95-06256\tab CV97-10245\tab SHELLE_J\tab LANDIS
\par PAE\tab 2:95-06257\tab CV97-10246\tab SHELLE_J\tab HOFFMAN
\par PAE\tab 2:95-06258\tab CV97-10247\tab SHELLE_J\tab HAWKINS
\par PAE\tab 2:95-06460\tab CV98-11704\tab SHELLE_J\tab AVERSON
\par PAE\tab 2:97-01290\tab CV97-10413\tab KOPES_JP\tab VOITH
\par PAE\tab 2:97-02577\tab CV97-10660\tab SHELLE_J\tab ROBINSON
\par PAE\tab 2:97-02578\tab CV97-10661\tab SHELLE_J\tab BOUTIN
\par PAE\tab 2:97-02579\tab CV97-10662\tab SHELLE_J\tab VALENTINE
\par PAE\tab 2:97-03220\tab CV97-10805\tab SHELLE_J\tab CLINE
\par PAE\tab 2:97-03691\tab CV97-10946\tab SHELLE_J\tab BARBASH
\par PAE\tab 2:97-03838\tab CV97-11141\tab SHELLE_J\tab BERBERI
\par PAE\tab 2:97-04257\tab CV97-11142\tab SHELLE_J\tab ANDERSON
\par \sect }\sectd \lndscpsxn\pgwsxn15840\pghsxn12240\marglsxn864\margrsxn864\margtsxn900\margbsxn864\sbknone\linex0\headery900\footery864\sectdefaultcl \pard\plain \qj\nowidctlpar
\tx-576\tx0\tx450\tx1656\tx2916\tx4086\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360\tx10800\tx11520\adjustright {\f2\fs16 PAE\tab 2:97-04260\tab CV97-11143\tab SHELLE_J\tab GOODFELLOW
\par PAE\tab 2:97-04291\tab CV98-12222\tab SHELLE_J\tab WEBB
\par PAE\tab 2:97-05159\tab CV97-11419\tab ABRAMS_D\tab WILSON
\par PAE\tab 2:97-05160\tab CV97-11420\tab ABRAMS_D\tab HURTADO
\par PAE\tab 2:97-05802\tab CV98-12359\tab PRETL_MI\tab MOLINARO
\par PAE\tab 2:97-05803\tab CV98-12141\tab PRETL_MI\tab MILLER
\par PAE\tab 2:97-05828\tab CV97-11994\tab SHELLE_J\tab BOUNDS
\par PAE\tab 2:97-05829\tab CV97-11995\tab SHELLE_J\tab FELDMAN
\par PAE\tab 2:97-05932\tab CV98-12223\tab KOPES_JP\tab MONAGHAN
\par PAE\tab 2:97-05950\tab CV98-11705\tab HUGO_MIC\tab ZINN
\par PAE\tab 2:97-06047\tab CV97-11729\tab SHELLE_J\tab BURCHMORE
\par PAE\tab 2:97-06699\tab CV98-11588\tab SHELLE_J\tab STROUP
\par PAE\tab 2:97-06802\tab CV98-12375\tab SHELLE_J\tab CARL
\par PAE\tab 2:97-06803\tab CV98-11706\tab SHELLE_J\tab ESTATE OF SHIRLEY
\par PAE\tab 2:97-06823\tab CV98-11461\tab SHELLE_J\tab WALKER
\par PAE\tab 2:97-06855\tab CV98-11931\tab SHELLE_J\tab BURDEN-REESE
\par PAE\tab 2:97-07020\tab CV98-12360\tab PRETL_MI\tab KEEFER
\par PAE\tab 2:97-07945\tab CV98-11708\tab SHELLE_J\tab HORNE
\par PAE\tab 2:98-05772\tab CV99-10018\tab SHELLE_J\tab HOENSTINE
\par PAM\tab 1:95-01296\tab CV95-13609\tab SHELLE_J\tab MOHN
\par PAM\tab 1:96-02155\tab CV97-10107\tab REIHAR_D\tab GEIB
\par PAM\tab 1:96-02157\tab CV97-10027\tab REIHAR_D\tab LUCKE
\par PAM\tab 1:96-02158\tab CV97-10028\tab REIHAR_D\tab PALLERINO
\par PAM\tab 1:97-00261\tab CV97-10248\tab REIHAR_D\tab LAM
\par PAM\tab 1:97-00263\tab CV97-10249\tab REIHAR_D\tab EMIG
\par PAM\tab 1:97-00268\tab CV97-10250\tab REIHAR_D\tab NEFF
\par PAM\tab 1:97-00269\tab CV97-10251\tab REIHAR_D\tab HERR
\par PAM\tab 1:97-00322\tab CV97-10252\tab REIHAR_D\tab WILT
\par PAM\tab 1:97-00323\tab CV97-10253\tab REIHAR_D\tab BIGLER
\par PAM\tab 1:97-00324\tab CV97-10254\tab REIHAR_D\tab COOKE
\par PAM\tab 1:97-00325\tab CV97-10255\tab REIHAR_D\tab MYERS
\par PAM\tab 1:97-00326\tab CV97-10256\tab REIHAR_D\tab HILDEBRAND
\par PAM\tab 1:97-00533\tab CV97-10537\tab REIHAR_D\tab BEELER
\par PAM\tab 1:97-00534\tab CV97-10538\tab REIHAR_D\tab ROSEN
\par PAM\tab 1:97-00535\tab CV97-10539\tab REIHAR_D\tab MARTIN
\par PAM\tab 1:97-00536\tab CV97-10540\tab REIHAR_D\tab SIEGEL
\par PAM\tab 1:97-00537\tab CV97-10541\tab REIHAR_D\tab BREUER
\par PAM\tab 1:97-00538\tab CV97-10542\tab REIHAR_D\tab CAMPBELL
\par PAM\tab 1:97-00860\tab CV97-10947\tab REIHAR_D\tab GRIM
\par PAM\tab 1:97-01008\tab CV97-11144\tab SHELLE_J\tab WYCKOFF
\par PAM\tab 1:97-01352\tab CV97-11421\tab REIHAR_D\tab STULTZ
\par PAM\tab 1:97-01564\tab CV97-11996\tab REIHAR_D\tab MENDELZON
\par PAM\tab 3:95-01139\tab CV95-11057\tab SHELLE_J\tab OFALT
\par PAM\tab 4:95-01154\tab CV95-18122\tab REIHAR_D\tab STEIN
\par PAM\tab 4:96-02153\tab CV97-10029\tab REIHAR_D\tab BLANK
\par PAM\tab 4:96-02154\tab CV97-10030\tab REIHAR_D\tab BAUBLITZ
\par PAM\tab 4:96-02156\tab CV97-10031\tab REIHAR_D\tab LEONARD
\par PAM\tab 4:97-00163\tab CV97-10257\tab KOPES_JP\tab MAGARO
\par PAM\tab 4:97-00257\tab CV97-10258\tab REIHAR_D\tab ELGIN
\par PAM\tab 4:97-00258\tab CV97-10259\tab REIHAR_D\tab TAYLOR
\par \sect }\sectd \lndscpsxn\pgwsxn15840\pghsxn12240\marglsxn864\margrsxn864\margtsxn900\margbsxn864\sbknone\linex0\headery900\footery864\sectdefaultcl \pard\plain \qj\nowidctlpar
\tx-576\tx0\tx450\tx1656\tx2916\tx4086\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360\tx10800\tx11520\adjustright {\f2\fs16 PAM\tab 4:97-00259\tab CV97-10260\tab REIHAR_D\tab RICHE
\par PAM\tab 4:97-00260\tab CV97-10261\tab REIHAR_D\tab CRANDALL
\par PAM\tab 4:97-00262\tab CV97-10262\tab REIHAR_D\tab BAGLEY
\par PAM\tab 4:97-00264\tab CV97-10263\tab REIHAR_D\tab LENTZ
\par PAM\tab 4:97-00266\tab CV97-10265\tab REIHAR_D\tab MALDONADO
\par PAM\tab 4:97-00267\tab CV97-10266\tab REIHAR_D\tab LASTER
\par PAM\tab 4:97-00984\tab CV97-11145\tab MENIF_K*\tab MENIFEE
\par PAW\tab 2:92-02343\tab CV93-10787\tab JAMIOL_A\tab WINGROVE
\par PAW\tab 2:97-00033\tab CV97-10267\tab BUCCI_GU\tab KELLEY
\par PAW\tab 2:97-00067\tab CV97-10357\tab JAMIOL_A\tab TOPOLNAK
\par PAW\tab 2:97-01253\tab CV97-11146\tab BALZAR_E\tab HAFNER
\par PAW\tab 2:98-01805\tab CV99-10019\tab MESSER_H\tab DUFFY
\par PAW\tab 2:98-01806\tab CV99-10020\tab MESSER_H\tab HUSSEY
\par PAW\tab 3:93-00239\tab CV93-13663\tab COHEN_RO\tab GUYAN
\par RI\tab 1:94-00236\tab CV94-13895\tab WOODBI_D\tab CONSTANTINO
\par RI\tab 1:97-00541\tab CV97-11997\tab KASLE_JE\tab DALLAIRE
\par RI\tab 1:97-00542\tab CV97-11998\tab KASLE_JE\tab COTE
\par RI\tab 1:97-00586\tab CV97-12244\tab KASLE_JE\tab WEST
\par RI\tab 1:97-00613\tab CV98-11932\tab KASLE_JE\tab ALMONTE
\par RI\tab 1:97-00617\tab CV98-11933\tab KASLE_JE\tab CONOVER
\par RI\tab 1:97-00618\tab CV98-11934\tab KASLE_JE\tab GILBERT
\par RI\tab 1:97-00619\tab CV98-11935\tab KASLE_JE\tab DEANGELIS
\par RI\tab 1:97-00620\tab CV98-11936\tab KASLE_JE\tab HOWARD
\par RI\tab 1:97-00621\tab CV98-11937\tab HUGO_MIC\tab ANNULLI
\par RI\tab 1:97-00631\tab CV98-11938\tab KASLE_JE\tab CARBONE
\par RI\tab 1:97-00633\tab CV98-12376\tab KASLE_JE\tab BENSON
\par RI\tab 1:97-00634\tab CV98-11939\tab KASLE_JE\tab NEY
\par RI\tab 1:97-00636\tab CV98-11941\tab KASLE_JE\tab CIOE
\par RI\tab 1:97-00637\tab CV98-11942\tab KASLE_JE\tab HIEN
\par RI\tab 1:97-00638\tab CV98-11943\tab KASLE_JE\tab HODGE
\par RI\tab 1:97-00639\tab CV98-11944\tab KASLE_JE\tab CARRUOLO
\par RI\tab 1:97-00643\tab CV98-11946\tab KASLE_JE\tab REID
\par RI\tab 1:97-00645\tab CV98-11948\tab KASLE_JE\tab PACHEO
\par RI\tab 1:97-00646\tab CV98-11949\tab KASLE_JE\tab RAPOSA
\par RI\tab 1:97-00647\tab CV98-11950\tab KASLE_JE\tab RHIEU
\par RI\tab 1:97-00648\tab CV98-11951\tab KASLE_JE\tab RIDDER
\par RI\tab 1:97-00649\tab CV98-11952\tab KASLE_JE\tab SCANLON
\par RI\tab 1:97-00650\tab CV98-11953\tab KASLE_JE\tab ROSSI
\par RI\tab 1:97-00651\tab CV98-11954\tab KASLE_JE\tab WOLF
\par RI\tab 1:97-00680\tab CV98-11955\tab KASLE_JE\tab SCHIAVULLI
\par RI\tab 1:97-00681\tab CV98-11956\tab KASLE_JE\tab ROSSI
\par RI\tab 1:97-00732\tab CV98-11958\tab KASLE_JE\tab KOSAKA
\par SC\tab 0:97-00258\tab CV97-10268\tab HAHN_BLA\tab PENCE
\par SC\tab 0:97-01929\tab CV98-12142\tab HAHN_BLA\tab FAILE
\par SC\tab 0:97-01985\tab CV98-12143\tab WILLI_MJ\tab TRUESDALE
\par SC\tab 0:97-02630\tab CV97-11365\tab HAHN_BLA\tab ELROD
\par SC\tab 0:97-02631\tab CV97-11366\tab HAHN_BLA\tab HOLDEN
\par SC\tab 0:97-02742\tab CV97-11535\tab HAHN_BLA\tab DEFORREST
\par SC\tab 0:97-02840\tab CV97-11536\tab HAHN_BLA\tab HAYES
\par SC\tab 0:97-02983\tab CV97-11730\tab HAHN_BLA\tab RAXTER
\par \sect }\sectd \lndscpsxn\pgwsxn15840\pghsxn12240\marglsxn864\margrsxn864\margtsxn900\margbsxn864\sbknone\linex0\headery900\footery864\sectdefaultcl \pard\plain \qj\nowidctlpar
\tx-576\tx0\tx450\tx1656\tx2916\tx4086\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360\tx10800\tx11520\adjustright {\f2\fs16 SC\tab 1:97-02058\tab CV97-11148\tab HAHN_BLA\tab STILL
\par SC\tab 1:97-03305\tab CV97-12360\tab PARHAM_M\tab BUSBEE
\par SC\tab 2:97-00253\tab CV97-10269\tab HAHN_BLA\tab LINCOLN
\par SC\tab 2:97-00254\tab CV97-10270\tab HAHN_BLA\tab TARRANT
\par SC\tab 2:97-01627\tab CV97-10807\tab HAHN_BLA\tab SNYDER
\par SC\tab 2:97-01879\tab CV97-10948\tab HAHN_BLA\tab CALHOUN
\par SC\tab 2:97-01934\tab CV97-11149\tab HAHN_BLA\tab ZURCHER
\par SC\tab 2:97-02578\tab CV97-11367\tab HAHN_BLA\tab FOSTER
\par SC\tab 2:97-02579\tab CV97-11368\tab HAHN_BLA\tab BRIDGES
\par SC\tab 2:97-02666\tab CV97-11422\tab HAHN_BLA\tab ORVIN
\par SC\tab 2:97-02706\tab CV97-11537\tab HAHN_BLA\tab MILLER
\par SC\tab 2:97-02782\tab CV97-11538\tab HAHN_BLA\tab HARWELL
\par SC\tab 2:97-02783\tab CV97-11539\tab HAHN_BLA\tab HAGER
\par SC\tab 2:97-02939\tab CV97-11731\tab HAHN_BLA\tab HUFF
\par SC\tab 2:97-02940\tab CV97-11732\tab HAHN_BLA\tab MOTTE
\par SC\tab 2:97-02941\tab CV97-11733\tab DRIGGE_J\tab BURNETT
\par SC\tab 2:97-02945\tab CV97-11734\tab HAHN_BLA\tab HALL
\par SC\tab 2:97-03226\tab CV97-11999\tab SINK_GEO\tab DURANT
\par SC\tab 2:97-03339\tab CV97-12247\tab HAHN_BLA\tab THOMAS
\par SC\tab 2:97-03340\tab CV97-12248\tab HAHN_BLA\tab DAVIS
\par SC\tab 2:97-03341\tab CV97-12249\tab HAHN_BLA\tab ROWE
\par SC\tab 2:97-03342\tab CV97-12250\tab TINKLE_P\tab BUCK
\par SC\tab 2:97-03343\tab CV97-12251\tab BERRY_WI\tab OSKIN
\par SC\tab 2:98-00005\tab CV98-11590\tab MCCOY_TI\tab ECKLES
\par SC\tab 2:98-00006\tab CV98-11591\tab PAPA_ROB\tab CASH
\par SC\tab 3:94-00186\tab CV94-11052\tab HENSHA_C\tab ESTES
\par SC\tab 3:94-00331\tab CV94-11529\tab WILLI_MJ\tab GEDDINGS
\par SC\tab 3:95-02494\tab CV95-12014\tab FOWLER_M\tab FOSTER
\par SC\tab 3:97-00514\tab CV97-10414\tab HAHN_BLA\tab WILLIAMS
\par SC\tab 3:97-01754\tab CV97-10949\tab ETHERI_J\tab NESS
\par SC\tab 3:97-01840\tab CV97-10950\tab HAHN_BLA\tab COLE
\par SC\tab 3:97-01898\tab CV97-10951\tab HAHN_BLA\tab SHEALY
\par SC\tab 3:97-01899\tab CV97-10952\tab HAHN_BLA\tab HUCKABEE
\par SC\tab 3:97-01900\tab CV97-10953\tab HAHN_BLA\tab HARMON
\par SC\tab 3:97-01973\tab CV97-11150\tab SUGGS_KE\tab STOREY
\par SC\tab 3:97-02423\tab CV97-11316\tab HAHN_BLA\tab ROSEBROCK
\par SC\tab 3:97-02594\tab CV97-11369\tab HAHN_BLA\tab GABRIEL
\par SC\tab 3:97-02943\tab CV97-11735\tab HAHN_BLA\tab KINGSLEY
\par SC\tab 3:97-03237\tab CV97-12252\tab HAHN_BLA\tab MCFARLAND
\par SC\tab 3:97-03238\tab CV97-12253\tab HAHN_BLA\tab ALEWINE
\par SC\tab 3:97-03297\tab CV97-12254\tab HAHN_BLA\tab ELLISOR
\par SC\tab 3:97-03298\tab CV97-12255\tab HAHN_BLA\tab HARTNESS
\par SC\tab 3:97-03335\tab CV97-12256\tab WILLI_MJ\tab TRAN
\par SC\tab 3:97-03336\tab CV97-12257\tab HAHN_BLA\tab RIDDLEHOOVER
\par SC\tab 3:97-03337\tab CV97-12258\tab HAHN_BLA\tab KEENEY
\par SC\tab 3:97-03338\tab CV97-12259\tab MCWHIR_H\tab KEE
\par SC\tab 3:97-03358\tab CV97-12260\tab MCWHIR_H\tab SUMMERS
\par SC\tab 3:97-03359\tab CV97-12261\tab HAHN_BLA\tab NEAL
\par SC\tab 3:97-03405\tab CV97-12262\tab SUGGS_KE\tab VAUGHN
\par SC\tab 3:97-03492\tab CV97-12361\tab PARHAM_M\tab MORRIS
\par \sect }\sectd \lndscpsxn\pgwsxn15840\pghsxn12240\marglsxn864\margrsxn864\margtsxn900\margbsxn864\sbknone\linex0\headery900\footery864\sectdefaultcl \pard\plain \qj\nowidctlpar
\tx-576\tx0\tx450\tx1656\tx2916\tx4086\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360\tx10800\tx11520\adjustright {\f2\fs16 SC\tab 3:97-03996\tab CV98-11592\tab SINK_GEO\tab FINCKE
\par SC\tab 3:98-02110\tab CV98-12316\tab BRAITH_K\tab GARMON
\par SC\tab 4:97-01901\tab CV97-10954\tab HAHN_BLA\tab MORENO
\par SC\tab 4:97-01902\tab CV97-10955\tab HAHN_BLA\tab ROWLANDS
\par SC\tab 4:97-02944\tab CV97-11736\tab HAHN_BLA\tab PRICE
\par SC\tab 4:97-03287\tab CV97-12000\tab SINK_GEO\tab ALTMAN
\par SC\tab 4:97-03583\tab CV98-10212\tab PARHAM_M\tab FUNDERBURK
\par SC\tab 5:97-00515\tab CV97-10415\tab HAHN_BLA\tab HOOKER
\par SC\tab 5:97-02784\tab CV97-11540\tab GOODIN_H\tab FORMBY
\par SC\tab 6:93-01678\tab CV93-12505\tab MOONEY_J\tab HESEMAN
\par SC\tab 6:94-03307\tab CV95-10031\tab HAHN_BLA\tab CHILDERS
\par SC\tab 6:97-02144\tab CV97-11151\tab PARHAM_M\tab EVANS
\par SC\tab 6:97-02174\tab CV97-11152\tab PARHAM_M\tab GRANGER
\par SC\tab 6:97-02369\tab CV98-11488\tab PARHAM_M\tab TALLEY
\par SC\tab 6:97-02434\tab CV97-11318\tab BELLIN_T\tab TAYLOR
\par SC\tab 6:97-02552\tab CV98-11492\tab MOONEY_J\tab HOWARD
\par SC\tab 6:97-02554\tab CV98-11494\tab MOONEY_J\tab DODSON
\par SC\tab 6:97-02555\tab CV98-11495\tab PARHAM_M\tab CHAPMAN
\par SC\tab 6:97-02602\tab CV98-11497\tab MOONEY_J\tab REID
\par SC\tab 6:97-02605\tab CV98-11500\tab PARHAM_M\tab JONES
\par SC\tab 6:97-02617\tab CV98-11503\tab PARHAM_M\tab NICHOLS
\par SC\tab 6:97-02618\tab CV98-11504\tab MOONEY_J\tab HANCOCK
\par SC\tab 6:97-03113\tab CV97-12001\tab PARHAM_D\tab WOOD
\par SC\tab 6:97-03163\tab CV97-12002\tab PARHAM_M\tab DAMAESTRI
\par SC\tab 6:97-03164\tab CV97-12003\tab PARHAM_M\tab HORNER
\par SC\tab 6:97-03203\tab CV97-12264\tab PARHAM_M\tab JOHNSON
\par SC\tab 6:97-03207\tab CV97-12268\tab PARHAM_M\tab GOSSETT
\par SC\tab 6:97-03368\tab CV97-12362\tab PARHAM_M\tab VICKERY
\par SC\tab 6:97-03396\tab CV97-12271\tab PARHAM_M\tab CHEEK
\par SC\tab 6:97-03398\tab CV97-12273\tab PARHAM_M\tab HAWKINS
\par SC\tab 6:97-03401\tab CV97-12275\tab PARHAM_M\tab NEIGHBORS
\par SC\tab 6:97-03402\tab CV97-12276\tab PARHAM_M\tab HAMBY
\par SC\tab 6:97-03403\tab CV97-12277\tab PARHAM_M\tab LANDRITH
\par SC\tab 6:97-03424\tab CV97-12365\tab PARHAM_M\tab SHELNUTT
\par SC\tab 6:97-03426\tab CV97-12366\tab PARHAM_M\tab MCELRATH
\par SC\tab 6:97-03428\tab CV97-12367\tab PARHAM_M\tab MCCOY
\par SC\tab 6:97-03430\tab CV97-12279\tab PARHAM_M\tab PENDERGRASS
\par SC\tab 6:97-03431\tab CV97-12369\tab PARHAM_M\tab WILSON
\par SC\tab 6:97-03432\tab CV97-12280\tab PARHAM_M\tab COX
\par SC\tab 6:97-03433\tab CV97-12370\tab PARHAM_M\tab BRYANT
\par SC\tab 6:97-03451\tab CV97-12372\tab PARHAM_M\tab EASTBURN
\par SC\tab 6:97-03452\tab CV97-12373\tab PARHAM_M\tab TROPPMAN
\par SC\tab 6:97-03453\tab CV97-12374\tab PARHAM_M\tab HIOTT
\par SC\tab 6:97-03454\tab CV97-12375\tab PARHAM_M\tab CAIRNS
\par SC\tab 6:97-03455\tab CV97-12376\tab PARHAM_M\tab GREENE
\par SC\tab 6:97-03456\tab CV97-12377\tab PARHAM_M\tab BRYSON
\par SC\tab 6:97-03457\tab CV97-12378\tab PARHAM_M\tab BABB
\par SC\tab 6:97-03458\tab CV97-12379\tab PARHAM_M\tab CARVER
\par SC\tab 6:97-03459\tab CV97-12380\tab PARHAM_M\tab EATON
\par SC\tab 6:97-03488\tab CV98-11514\tab MOONEY_J\tab HICKS
\par \sect }\sectd \lndscpsxn\pgwsxn15840\pghsxn12240\marglsxn864\margrsxn864\margtsxn900\margbsxn864\sbknone\linex0\headery900\footery864\sectdefaultcl \pard\plain \qj\nowidctlpar
\tx-576\tx0\tx450\tx1656\tx2916\tx4086\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360\tx10800\tx11520\adjustright {\f2\fs16 SC\tab 6:97-03489\tab CV97-12382\tab MOONEY_J\tab POSTON
\par SC\tab 6:97-03490\tab CV97-12383\tab MOONEY_J\tab OWENS
\par SC\tab 6:97-03491\tab CV97-12384\tab MOONEY_J\tab DUNAWAY
\par SC\tab 6:97-03534\tab CV97-12385\tab PARHAM_M\tab WELBORN
\par SC\tab 6:97-03537\tab CV97-12388\tab PARHAM_M\tab ELLISOR
\par SC\tab 6:97-03595\tab CV98-10213\tab WRIGH_JO\tab BELL
\par SC\tab 6:98-00009\tab CV98-11593\tab MOONEY_J\tab BIBB
\par SC\tab 6:98-00091\tab CV98-11710\tab MOONEY_J\tab OWENS
\par SC\tab 6:98-00596\tab CV98-12049\tab MOONEY_J\tab MONTGOMERY
\par SC\tab 6:98-00651\tab CV98-11960\tab MOONEY_J\tab FORRESTER
\par SC\tab 6:98-02307\tab CV98-12317\tab MOONEY_J\tab WELLING
\par SC\tab 7:97-02163\tab CV97-11154\tab PARHAM_M\tab BABB
\par SC\tab 7:97-02924\tab CV97-11737\tab PARHAM_M\tab SHAW
\par SC\tab 7:97-03190\tab CV97-12004\tab PARHAM_M\tab MORT
\par SC\tab 7:97-03304\tab CV97-12282\tab PARHAM_M\tab KUETHER
\par SC\tab 7:97-03400\tab CV97-12283\tab PARHAM_M\tab JOLLEY
\par SC\tab 7:97-03425\tab CV97-12390\tab PARHAM_M\tab DEADWYLER
\par SC\tab 7:97-03427\tab CV97-12284\tab PARHAM_M\tab ROBINSON
\par SC\tab 7:97-03750\tab CV98-10216\tab ROWELL_A\tab WOOD
\par SC\tab 7:98-00545\tab CV98-11961\tab MOONEY_J\tab WARD
\par SC\tab 8:96-03551\tab CV97-10808\tab PARHAM_D\tab CARVER
\par SC\tab 8:97-02060\tab CV97-11156\tab SUGGS_KE\tab LUGO
\par SC\tab 8:97-02570\tab CV98-11512\tab MOONEY_J\tab FINCHER
\par SC\tab 8:97-02946\tab CV97-11738\tab HAHN_BLA\tab STONE
\par SC\tab 8:97-03436\tab CV97-12285\tab PARHAM_M\tab KOSKI
\par SC\tab 8:97-03533\tab CV97-12391\tab PARHAM_M\tab FULLBRIGHT
\par SC\tab 9:97-02942\tab CV97-12005\tab HAHN_BLA\tab BALDWIN
\par SC\tab 9:97-03615\tab CV98-10218\tab HAHN_BLA\tab DIETZE
\par SD\tab 4:96-04306\tab CV97-10416\tab DAY_WILL\tab SMITH
\par TNE\tab 1:97-00242\tab CV97-10664\tab COLVIN_W\tab MANNING
\par TNE\tab 1:97-00541\tab CV98-12224\tab COLVIN_W\tab JONES
\par TNE\tab 1:98-00005\tab CV98-11711\tab COLVIN_W\tab LOWE
\par TNE\tab 1:98-00049\tab CV98-12050\tab COLVIN_W\tab SIMS
\par TNE\tab 1:98-00066\tab CV98-11962\tab COLVIN_W\tab FOSTER
\par TNE\tab 1:98-00311\tab CV98-12377\tab COLVIN_W\tab CROWE
\par TNE\tab 1:98-00367\tab CV99-10021\tab COLVIN_W\tab PERRUSO
\par TNE\tab 1:98-00368\tab CV99-10022\tab COLVIN_W\tab HICKMAN
\par TNE\tab 1:98-00369\tab CV99-10023\tab COLVIN_W\tab KIMBALL
\par TNE\tab 1:98-00370\tab CV99-10024\tab COLVIN_W\tab WHEELER
\par TNE\tab 1:98-00371\tab CV99-10025\tab COLVIN_W\tab RILEY
\par TNE\tab 1:98-00372\tab CV99-10026\tab COLVIN_W\tab RICHESON
\par TNE\tab 1:98-00373\tab CV99-10027\tab COLVIN_W\tab DOWIS
\par TNE\tab 1:98-00386\tab CV98-12378\tab COLVIN_W\tab TUCKER
\par TNE\tab 2:92-00148\tab CV92-10643\tab BOYD_LON\tab ARWOOD
\par TNE\tab 2:92-00149\tab CV92-10644\tab BOYD_LON\tab MAGGARD
\par TNE\tab 2:92-00386\tab CV92-11264\tab BOYD_LON\tab CLARK
\par TNE\tab 2:97-00196\tab CV97-10665\tab HAYNES_O\tab FAIR
\par TNE\tab 2:97-00210\tab CV97-10666\tab HAYNES_O\tab HARDIN
\par TNE\tab 2:97-00287\tab CV97-11157\tab HAYNES_O\tab SHARP
\par TNE\tab 2:97-00359\tab CV97-11370\tab HAHN_BLA\tab HODGE
\par \sect }\sectd \lndscpsxn\pgwsxn15840\pghsxn12240\marglsxn864\margrsxn864\margtsxn900\margbsxn864\sbknone\linex0\headery900\footery864\sectdefaultcl \pard\plain \qj\nowidctlpar
\tx-576\tx0\tx450\tx1656\tx2916\tx4086\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360\tx10800\tx11520\adjustright {\f2\fs16 TNE\tab 2:97-00438\tab CV98-11462\tab MCAFEE_C\tab CLARK
\par TNE\tab 2:97-00439\tab CV98-11463\tab MCAFEE_C\tab ARWOOD
\par TNE\tab 2:97-00440\tab CV98-11464\tab MCAFEE_C\tab MAGGARD
\par TNE\tab 2:97-00441\tab CV98-11465\tab MCAFEE_C\tab DORAN
\par TNE\tab 2:98-00106\tab CV98-11963\tab WAITE_DA\tab BUCKLES
\par TNE\tab 3:93-00038\tab CV93-10798\tab WAITE_DA\tab CHAFFIN
\par TNE\tab 3:97-00292\tab CV97-10544\tab WAITE_DA\tab MCKEEHAN
\par TNE\tab 3:97-00403\tab CV97-10809\tab WAITE_DA\tab HAGMANN
\par TNE\tab 3:97-00471\tab CV97-10956\tab WAITE_DA\tab HEADRICK
\par TNE\tab 3:98-00003\tab CV98-11594\tab COX_LISA\tab MCCONKEY
\par TNE\tab 3:98-00101\tab CV98-11964\tab COLVIN_W\tab YATES
\par TNM\tab 1:97-00088\tab CV97-10957\tab HAHN_BLA\tab PEDEN
\par TNM\tab 2:97-00075\tab CV97-11159\tab WAITE_DA\tab CAMPFIELD
\par TNM\tab 2:98-00060\tab CV98-12225\tab WOOD_GUS\tab DILLON
\par TNM\tab 3:97-00059\tab CV97-10272\tab NORTH_PH\tab EDWARDS
\par TNM\tab 3:97-00060\tab CV97-10273\tab NORTH_PH\tab MYERS
\par TNM\tab 3:97-00669\tab CV97-10958\tab HAHN_BLA\tab GREGORY
\par TNM\tab 3:97-00670\tab CV97-10959\tab HAHN_BLA\tab THURMAN
\par TNM\tab 3:97-00759\tab CV97-11160\tab MILLER_P\tab DAVIS
\par TNM\tab 3:97-00970\tab CV97-11542\tab HUTTON_M\tab GREER
\par TNM\tab 3:97-01084\tab CV97-12006\tab DIXON_JA\tab KIRACOFE
\par TNM\tab 3:97-01240\tab CV98-11466\tab WAITE_DA\tab HAMMOND
\par TNW\tab 1:97-01301\tab CV98-11595\tab COX-MO_L\tab MORRIS
\par TNW\tab 1:97-01302\tab CV98-11596\tab COX-MO_L\tab HILL
\par TNW\tab 1:98-01015\tab CV98-11712\tab COX-MO_L\tab PRIESTER
\par TNW\tab 1:98-01016\tab CV98-11713\tab COX-MO_L\tab GUINN
\par TNW\tab 1:98-01039\tab CV98-11965\tab COX-MO_L\tab WEBB
\par TNW\tab 2:97-02108\tab CV97-10545\tab HAHN_BLA\tab STEPHENS
\par TNW\tab 2:97-02567\tab CV97-11161\tab HAHN_BLA\tab LEDBETTER
\par TNW\tab 2:97-02568\tab CV97-11162\tab HAHN_BLA\tab ELLIOTT
\par TNW\tab 2:97-02595\tab CV97-11163\tab HAHN_BLA\tab FREDERICK
\par TNW\tab 2:97-02842\tab CV98-10220\tab MAYER_MI\tab PLANTAMURA
\par TNW\tab 2:97-02859\tab CV97-12007\tab HUTTON_M\tab MIDDLETON
\par TNW\tab 2:97-02880\tab CV97-12286\tab MAYER_MI\tab LAWRENCE
\par TNW\tab 2:97-02924\tab CV97-12287\tab MAYER_MI\tab HENSLEY
\par TNW\tab 2:97-02937\tab CV98-10221\tab MAYER_MI\tab BARTON
\par TNW\tab 2:97-02981\tab CV98-10222\tab HAHN_BLA\tab LEDFORD
\par TNW\tab 2:97-03000\tab CV98-11467\tab HAHN_BLA\tab RICKLEFS
\par TNW\tab 2:97-03142\tab CV98-11714\tab COX-MO_L\tab HINELY
\par TNW\tab 2:97-03160\tab CV98-12144\tab HAHN_BLA\tab BYRGE
\par TNW\tab 2:97-03178\tab CV98-11597\tab COX-MO_L\tab MADISON
\par TNW\tab 2:98-02022\tab CV98-11715\tab WADE_B_J\tab MILLER
\par TNW\tab 2:98-02050\tab CV98-11865\tab COX-MO_L\tab GREER
\par TXE\tab 1:94-00334\tab CV94-13697\tab SEALE_JO\tab CORKRAN
\par TXE\tab 1:97-00281\tab CV97-11164\tab GREE_EDW\tab ALLEN
\par TXE\tab 1:97-00348\tab CV97-12288\tab GREE_EDW\tab HUEBNER
\par TXE\tab 1:97-00471\tab CV97-11543\tab GREE_EDW\tab CURTICE
\par TXE\tab 3:97-00054\tab CV97-12008\tab GREE_EDW\tab MCEWIN
\par TXE\tab 4:96-00376\tab CV97-10033\tab SUGGS_KE\tab BASORE
\par TXE\tab 4:96-00377\tab CV97-10034\tab SUGGS_KE\tab PATTON
\par \sect }\sectd \lndscpsxn\pgwsxn15840\pghsxn12240\marglsxn864\margrsxn864\margtsxn900\margbsxn864\sbknone\linex0\headery900\footery864\sectdefaultcl \pard\plain \qj\nowidctlpar
\tx-576\tx0\tx450\tx1656\tx2916\tx4086\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360\tx10800\tx11520\adjustright {\f2\fs16 TXE\tab 4:97-00263\tab CV97-11739\tab GREE_EDW\tab MELLARD
\par TXE\tab 5:96-00382\tab CV97-10108\tab PERKIN_A\tab COX
\par TXE\tab 5:97-00129\tab CV97-11165\tab GREE_EDW\tab BURNETT
\par TXE\tab 5:97-00212\tab CV97-11740\tab GREE_EDW\tab BURRIS
\par TXE\tab 6:97-00457\tab CV97-12009\tab GREE_EDW\tab BLAKE
\par TXE\tab 9:94-00138\tab CV95-10130\tab CHANDL_G\tab CHRISTIAN
\par TXE\tab 9:97-00309\tab CV97-11423\tab HENDLE_S\tab RANDALL
\par TXE\tab 9:97-00340\tab CV97-12010\tab HENDLE_S\tab KIMBRELL
\par TXN\tab 1:97-00133\tab CV97-11166\tab GREE_EDW\tab LONG
\par TXN\tab 1:97-00242\tab CV97-11741\tab LUND_MAT\tab WILLIAMS
\par TXN\tab 3:93-02262\tab CV94-10217\tab RAVKIN_S\tab WIERZBICKI
\par TXN\tab 3:95-01070\tab CV95-10538\tab ANDERS_M\tab GREEN
\par TXN\tab 3:95-01076\tab CV95-10542\tab TERRY_DA\tab LEWIS
\par TXN\tab 3:95-01086\tab CV95-10549\tab TERRY_DA\tab SWANN
\par TXN\tab 3:95-01123\tab CV95-10558\tab TERRY_DA\tab ALLEN
\par TXN\tab 3:95-01134\tab CV95-10562\tab GLENN_DA\tab FRITTS
\par TXN\tab 3:95-01621\tab CV95-18035\tab PETROF_K\tab HORTON
\par TXN\tab 3:95-01655\tab CV95-18036\tab PETROF_K\tab WILSON
\par TXN\tab 3:95-01668\tab CV95-14604\tab FRAZAR_R\tab DJORDJEVIC
\par TXN\tab 3:95-01671\tab CV95-18037\tab PETROF_K\tab BOYKIN
\par TXN\tab 3:95-01683\tab CV95-18039\tab PETROF_K\tab BASS
\par TXN\tab 3:95-01689\tab CV95-18040\tab PETROF_K\tab DICKEY
\par TXN\tab 3:95-01691\tab CV95-18041\tab PETROF_K\tab ARNETT
\par TXN\tab 3:95-01698\tab CV95-18043\tab PETROF_K\tab OPPERMAN
\par TXN\tab 3:95-01702\tab CV95-18044\tab PETROF_K\tab HOLMES
\par TXN\tab 3:95-01744\tab CV95-18045\tab PETROF_K\tab NICHOL
\par TXN\tab 3:95-01747\tab CV95-18046\tab PETROF_K\tab CHAPMAN
\par TXN\tab 3:95-01757\tab CV95-18047\tab PETROF_K\tab BAKER
\par TXN\tab 3:95-01765\tab CV95-18048\tab PETROF_K\tab HOPKINS
\par TXN\tab 3:95-01767\tab CV95-18049\tab PETROF_K\tab GOODRICH
\par TXN\tab 3:95-01778\tab CV95-18052\tab PETROF_K\tab ALCORN
\par TXN\tab 3:96-02788\tab CV96-12515\tab MULLIG_P\tab HILL
\par TXN\tab 3:96-03124\tab CV97-10036\tab SUGGS_KE\tab ESTRADA
\par TXN\tab 3:97-00167\tab CV97-10546\tab HAYES_DE\tab WALKER
\par TXN\tab 3:97-00442\tab CV97-10547\tab HAYES_DE\tab THERIOT
\par TXN\tab 3:97-01216\tab CV97-10810\tab GREE_EDW\tab GEBHARDT
\par TXN\tab 3:97-01248\tab CV97-10811\tab MULLIG_P\tab FLANAGAN-BEAL
\par TXN\tab 3:97-01332\tab CV97-10960\tab MULLIG_P\tab DUGOSH
\par TXN\tab 3:97-01725\tab CV97-11167\tab MULLIG_P\tab AMADO
\par TXN\tab 3:97-02134\tab CV97-11424\tab MULLIG_P\tab THOMPSON
\par TXN\tab 3:97-02373\tab CV97-11742\tab HUTTON_M\tab MARKS
\par TXN\tab 3:97-02879\tab CV98-10223\tab HUTTON_M\tab SCAMINACI
\par TXN\tab 4:95-00568\tab CV95-18123\tab DENT_DWA\tab WINN
\par TXN\tab 4:97-00072\tab CV97-10550\tab HAYES_DE\tab GOSS
\par TXN\tab 4:97-00430\tab CV97-11168\tab GREE_EDW\tab ERWIN
\par TXN\tab 4:97-00823\tab CV97-11743\tab HUTTON_M\tab SIMMONS
\par TXN\tab 4:98-00502\tab CV98-12264\tab JONES_GR\tab SAKIEWICZ
\par TXN\tab 5:97-00176\tab CV97-11169\tab GREE_EDW\tab MARSHALL
\par TXN\tab 5:98-00082\tab CV98-12226\tab HOUSSI_C\tab RICHARDS
\par TXN\tab 7:97-00232\tab CV97-11744\tab HUTTON_M\tab POINDEXTER
\par \sect }\sectd \lndscpsxn\pgwsxn15840\pghsxn12240\marglsxn864\margrsxn864\margtsxn900\margbsxn864\sbknone\linex0\headery900\footery864\sectdefaultcl \pard\plain \qj\nowidctlpar
\tx-576\tx0\tx450\tx1656\tx2916\tx4086\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360\tx10800\tx11520\adjustright {\f2\fs16 TXS\tab 1:94-00249\tab CV94-14389\tab MALLIO_G\tab ADAMS
\par TXS\tab 2:97-00109\tab CV97-10552\tab SNAPKA_K\tab HENSON
\par TXS\tab 2:97-00390\tab CV97-11170\tab JUAREZ_L\tab BAILEY
\par TXS\tab 3:94-00003\tab CV94-11309\tab SCHECT_A\tab ADAMS
\par TXS\tab 3:94-00006\tab CV94-11312\tab MELANC_R\tab ADAMS
\par TXS\tab 3:94-00009\tab CV94-11315\tab MELANC_R\tab WHITE
\par TXS\tab 3:94-00012\tab CV94-11320\tab MELANC_R\tab COLE
\par TXS\tab 3:94-00013\tab CV94-11319\tab MELANC_R\tab HEAD
\par TXS\tab 3:94-00014\tab CV94-11318\tab MELANC_R\tab MCKINNEY
\par TXS\tab 3:94-00018\tab CV94-11324\tab MELANC_R\tab SMITH
\par TXS\tab 3:95-00296\tab CV95-11030\tab LE_MICHA\tab ELENA ALCOCER
\par TXS\tab 3:95-00298\tab CV95-10334\tab LEWIS_RC\tab LOFTON
\par TXS\tab 3:95-00306\tab CV95-10335\tab BURNET_A\tab WILSON
\par TXS\tab 3:95-00312\tab CV95-13212\tab BORLAN_R\tab GAHAN
\par TXS\tab 3:95-00314\tab CV95-13213\tab BORLAN_R\tab WALLS
\par TXS\tab 3:95-00321\tab CV95-18124\tab ALEXAN_P\tab GUESS
\par TXS\tab 3:95-00490\tab CV95-13646\tab BORLAN_R\tab CURRY
\par TXS\tab 3:95-00491\tab CV95-13647\tab BORLAN_R\tab GENTLE
\par TXS\tab 3:95-00494\tab CV95-13650\tab BORLAN_R\tab TYLER
\par TXS\tab 3:95-00495\tab CV95-13651\tab BORLAN_R\tab DICK
\par TXS\tab 3:95-00496\tab CV95-13652\tab BORLAN_R\tab GRIFFITH
\par TXS\tab 3:95-00497\tab CV95-13653\tab BORLAN_R\tab DAVIS
\par TXS\tab 3:95-00498\tab CV95-13654\tab BORLAN_R\tab GAETA
\par TXS\tab 3:95-00501\tab CV95-13656\tab BORLAN_R\tab JONES
\par TXS\tab 3:95-00503\tab CV95-13658\tab BORLAN_R\tab PARKER
\par TXS\tab 3:95-00504\tab CV95-13659\tab BORLAN_R\tab GOUGE
\par TXS\tab 3:95-00505\tab CV95-13660\tab BORLAN_R\tab STAVENHAGEN
\par TXS\tab 3:95-00506\tab CV95-13661\tab BORLAN_R\tab LEAVELLE
\par TXS\tab 3:95-00507\tab CV95-13662\tab BORLAN_R\tab GLANCY
\par TXS\tab 3:95-00510\tab CV95-13665\tab BORLAN_R\tab SATTERFIELD
\par TXS\tab 3:95-00511\tab CV95-13666\tab BORLAN_R\tab PIERCE
\par TXS\tab 3:95-00512\tab CV95-13667\tab BORLAN_R\tab CLEMMER
\par TXS\tab 3:95-00513\tab CV95-13668\tab BORLAN_R\tab SHAUM
\par TXS\tab 3:95-00516\tab CV95-13671\tab BORLAN_R\tab STEWARD
\par TXS\tab 3:97-00278\tab CV97-10670\tab HOUSSI_C\tab SPENCER
\par TXS\tab 4:93-03474\tab CV93-14412\tab LAMINA_R\tab LEWIS
\par TXS\tab 4:94-00015\tab CV94-11060\tab DURANT_H\tab PALMER
\par TXS\tab 4:94-00068\tab CV95-10091\tab BROWN_CO\tab HARRIS
\par TXS\tab 4:94-02416\tab CV94-14247\tab DURANT_H\tab FOSTER
\par TXS\tab 4:94-02481\tab CV94-14600\tab SYDOW_MI\tab DOROTHY BULLOCK
\par TXS\tab 4:95-01791\tab CV95-13218\tab SPENC_BO\tab MCKINNEY
\par TXS\tab 4:95-01830\tab CV95-13219\tab LAMINA_R\tab THRASHER
\par TXS\tab 4:95-01853\tab CV95-13220\tab SPENC_BO\tab ZELLI
\par TXS\tab 4:95-01873\tab CV95-13221\tab SPENC_BO\tab DEJARNETTE
\par TXS\tab 4:95-01922\tab CV95-13222\tab SPENC_BO\tab WILSON
\par TXS\tab 4:95-01945\tab CV95-10761\tab LAMINA_R\tab SANDERS
\par TXS\tab 4:95-01946\tab CV95-10762\tab LAMINA_R\tab JONES
\par TXS\tab 4:95-01957\tab CV95-10770\tab WARD_KEN\tab LEE
\par TXS\tab 4:95-01961\tab CV95-10772\tab LAMINA_R\tab BAGLEY
\par TXS\tab 4:95-01962\tab CV95-10773\tab STEIDL_J\tab ESCOBAR
\par \sect }\sectd \lndscpsxn\pgwsxn15840\pghsxn12240\marglsxn864\margrsxn864\margtsxn900\margbsxn864\sbknone\linex0\headery900\footery864\sectdefaultcl \pard\plain \qj\nowidctlpar
\tx-576\tx0\tx450\tx1656\tx2916\tx4086\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360\tx10800\tx11520\adjustright {\f2\fs16 TXS\tab 4:95-01963\tab CV95-10774\tab STEIDL_J\tab TIDWELL
\par TXS\tab 4:95-01964\tab CV95-10775\tab STEIDL_J\tab GOLLNISCH
\par TXS\tab 4:95-01967\tab CV95-10777\tab GALLAG_M\tab TEMPLETON
\par TXS\tab 4:95-01969\tab CV95-10779\tab STEIDL_J\tab GARZA
\par TXS\tab 4:95-01971\tab CV95-10780\tab GALLAG_M\tab GRAFE
\par TXS\tab 4:95-01973\tab CV95-10782\tab STEIDL_J\tab CONNELLY
\par TXS\tab 4:95-01975\tab CV95-10784\tab STEIDL_J\tab LANDRUM
\par TXS\tab 4:95-01976\tab CV95-10785\tab STEIDL_J\tab COOK
\par TXS\tab 4:95-01979\tab CV95-10787\tab STEIDL_J\tab SHOAFF
\par TXS\tab 4:95-01980\tab CV95-10788\tab RICHA_JI\tab ROBERTS
\par TXS\tab 4:95-01983\tab CV95-10790\tab MCDER_JO\tab FATHEREE
\par TXS\tab 4:95-01984\tab CV95-10791\tab GALLAG_M\tab FRAILEY
\par TXS\tab 4:95-01986\tab CV95-10793\tab GALLAG_M\tab BATTS
\par TXS\tab 4:95-01987\tab CV95-10794\tab JOLLY_NO\tab KAHLER
\par TXS\tab 4:95-01988\tab CV95-10795\tab GALLAG_M\tab ESTEP
\par TXS\tab 4:95-01999\tab CV95-10802\tab STEIDL_J\tab BINDIN
\par TXS\tab 4:95-02002\tab CV95-10804\tab HINTON_R\tab GIBSON
\par TXS\tab 4:95-02006\tab CV95-10807\tab SANEZ_AN\tab COOPER
\par TXS\tab 4:95-02012\tab CV95-10812\tab STEIDL_J\tab PAGE
\par TXS\tab 4:95-02014\tab CV95-10814\tab GALLAG_M\tab BRENTS
\par TXS\tab 4:95-02015\tab CV95-10815\tab STEIDL_J\tab PEARCE
\par TXS\tab 4:95-02017\tab CV95-10816\tab LAMINA_R\tab GLASS
\par TXS\tab 4:95-02021\tab CV95-10820\tab LAMINA_R\tab SCHULER
\par TXS\tab 4:95-02028\tab CV95-10825\tab STEIDL_J\tab WIMBERLY
\par TXS\tab 4:95-02038\tab CV95-10832\tab STEIDL_J\tab TILOTTA
\par TXS\tab 4:95-02044\tab CV95-10835\tab JACKS_TO\tab STONEKING
\par TXS\tab 4:95-02048\tab CV95-13223\tab SPENC_BO\tab CARY
\par TXS\tab 4:95-02052\tab CV95-13224\tab SPENC_BO\tab LUBELSKI
\par TXS\tab 4:95-02054\tab CV95-10843\tab GERRIN_R\tab JOHNSON
\par TXS\tab 4:95-02057\tab CV95-10846\tab BIEGAN_V\tab HILL
\par TXS\tab 4:95-02058\tab CV95-10847\tab BIEGAN_V\tab ESPARZA
\par TXS\tab 4:95-02059\tab CV95-10848\tab BIEGAN_V\tab SANCHEZ
\par TXS\tab 4:95-02085\tab CV95-10854\tab MITHOF_R\tab GUY
\par TXS\tab 4:95-02086\tab CV95-10855\tab GALLAG_M\tab DANZIGER
\par TXS\tab 4:95-02091\tab CV95-10859\tab ATKINS_M\tab HALL
\par TXS\tab 4:95-02095\tab CV95-10863\tab HAMPTO_H\tab WOLF
\par TXS\tab 4:95-02205\tab CV95-18125\tab BUTLE_RA\tab LEGATE
\par TXS\tab 4:95-02277\tab CV95-18126\tab BUTLE_RA\tab BOURGEOIS
\par TXS\tab 4:95-02378\tab CV95-11190\tab STEIDL_J\tab ARRENDONDO
\par TXS\tab 4:95-02410\tab CV95-12040\tab ROSEN_MA\tab GLASS
\par TXS\tab 4:95-02782\tab CV95-11467\tab LAMINA_R\tab ROGERS
\par TXS\tab 4:95-02822\tab CV95-11503\tab HOUSSI_C\tab MUNCY ET AL.
\par TXS\tab 4:95-02883\tab CV95-11561\tab LAMINA_R\tab MILLER
\par TXS\tab 4:95-03242\tab CV95-11727\tab LAMINA_R\tab FLINT
\par TXS\tab 4:95-04955\tab CV95-18313\tab PARKS_D'\tab BARTLETT
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06152\tab CV95-12203\tab GALLAG_M\tab GIBSON
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06262\tab CV95-18130\tab LEWIS_RC\tab GAYLE
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06452\tab CV95-18131\tab GREEN_RO\tab STAMPLEY
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06457\tab CV95-12504\tab MITHOF_R\tab BABCOCK
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06525\tab CV95-12572\tab LAMINA_R\tab CLARKE
\par \sect }\sectd \lndscpsxn\pgwsxn15840\pghsxn12240\marglsxn864\margrsxn864\margtsxn900\margbsxn864\sbknone\linex0\headery900\footery864\sectdefaultcl \pard\plain \qj\nowidctlpar
\tx-576\tx0\tx450\tx1656\tx2916\tx4086\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360\tx10800\tx11520\adjustright {\f2\fs16 TXS\tab 4:95-06526\tab CV95-12573\tab LAMINA_R\tab COLLINS
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06527\tab CV95-12574\tab LAMINA_R\tab FUQUA
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06528\tab CV95-12575\tab LAMINA_R\tab HAMMONS
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06529\tab CV95-12576\tab LAMINA_R\tab HANEY
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06530\tab CV95-12577\tab LAMINA_R\tab HELLMAN
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06531\tab CV95-12578\tab LAMINA_R\tab HILL
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06532\tab CV95-12579\tab LAMINA_R\tab LEWIS
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06533\tab CV95-12580\tab LAMINA_R\tab LOWRIE
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06534\tab CV95-12581\tab O'BRIE_M\tab LYNCH
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06536\tab CV95-12583\tab LAMINA_R\tab ADAMS
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06537\tab CV95-12584\tab LAMINA_R\tab EDRINGTON
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06538\tab CV95-12585\tab LAMINA_R\tab DAWSON
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06539\tab CV95-12586\tab LAMINA_R\tab CURETON
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06540\tab CV95-12587\tab LAMINA_R\tab CROY
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06541\tab CV95-12588\tab LAMINA_R\tab LEECH
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06542\tab CV95-12589\tab LAMINA_R\tab HOLLAND
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06543\tab CV95-12590\tab LAMINA_R\tab HUDSON
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06546\tab CV95-12593\tab LAMINA_R\tab FITZPATRICK
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06547\tab CV95-12594\tab LAMINA_R\tab FISHER
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06548\tab CV95-12595\tab JACKS_TO\tab PEARCY
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06549\tab CV95-12596\tab MITHOF_R\tab PENA
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06550\tab CV95-12597\tab MITHOF_R\tab PEARSON
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06551\tab CV95-12598\tab MITHOF_R\tab JENNESS
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06553\tab CV95-12600\tab LAMINA_R\tab BECK
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06554\tab CV95-12601\tab LAMINA_R\tab ROBINSON
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06555\tab CV95-12602\tab MITHOF_R\tab TODD
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06556\tab CV95-12603\tab LAMINA_R\tab RAMEY
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06557\tab CV95-12604\tab MITHOF_R\tab GIRARD
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06558\tab CV95-12605\tab MITHOF_R\tab GARZA
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06559\tab CV95-12606\tab GERRIN_R\tab EUBANKS
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06560\tab CV95-12607\tab MITHOF_R\tab CRAFTS
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06561\tab CV95-12608\tab JACKS_TO\tab TAYLOR
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06562\tab CV95-12609\tab LAMINA_R\tab STEEDE
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06563\tab CV95-12610\tab LAMINA_R\tab DUDLEY
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06566\tab CV95-12613\tab LAMINA_R\tab AKERS
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06568\tab CV95-12615\tab MITHOF_R\tab SALYER
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06569\tab CV95-12616\tab SYDOW_MI\tab JENSEN
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06570\tab CV95-12617\tab LAMINA_R\tab ABEL
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06571\tab CV95-12618\tab LAMINA_R\tab KODER
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06572\tab CV95-12619\tab GALLAG_M\tab DEVORE
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06573\tab CV95-12620\tab RICHA_JI\tab MCCROREY
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06574\tab CV95-17468\tab SPENC_BO\tab KLECKA
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06577\tab CV95-12623\tab OZMUN_SC\tab MORGAN
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06578\tab CV95-12624\tab LAMINA_R\tab LANE
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06579\tab CV95-12625\tab MITHOF_R\tab KNOTT
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06580\tab CV95-12626\tab MITHOF_R\tab HANSEN
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06581\tab CV95-12627\tab LAMINA_R\tab GUIDRY
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06582\tab CV95-12628\tab MITHOF_R\tab MORROW
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06583\tab CV95-12629\tab LAMINA_R\tab MORRIS
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06584\tab CV95-12630\tab LAMINA_R\tab GRIFFIN
\par \sect }\sectd \lndscpsxn\pgwsxn15840\pghsxn12240\marglsxn864\margrsxn864\margtsxn900\margbsxn864\sbknone\linex0\headery900\footery864\sectdefaultcl \pard\plain \qj\nowidctlpar
\tx-576\tx0\tx450\tx1656\tx2916\tx4086\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360\tx10800\tx11520\adjustright {\f2\fs16 TXS\tab 4:95-06585\tab CV95-12631\tab LAMINA_R\tab KEENER
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06586\tab CV95-12632\tab LAMINA_R\tab KERN
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06587\tab CV95-12633\tab LAMINA_R\tab KENNEDY
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06588\tab CV95-12634\tab LAMINA_R\tab KENNELL
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06589\tab CV95-12635\tab LAMINA_R\tab GREENWOOD
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06590\tab CV95-12636\tab MITHOF_R\tab MURDOCK
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06591\tab CV95-12637\tab LAMINA_R\tab GORDON
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06593\tab CV95-12639\tab PALISI_J\tab MCCOY
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06594\tab CV95-12640\tab LAMINA_R\tab MERENDINO
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06595\tab CV95-12641\tab LAMINA_R\tab MCKEY
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06596\tab CV95-12642\tab LAMINA_R\tab MCKENNEY
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06597\tab CV95-12643\tab BLIZZA_E\tab GORRIE
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06598\tab CV95-12644\tab LAMINA_R\tab GRAVES
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06599\tab CV95-12645\tab LAMINA_R\tab GREEN
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06600\tab CV95-12646\tab LAMINA_R\tab MURDOCK
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06601\tab CV95-12647\tab BLIZZA_E\tab MUNDEN
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06602\tab CV95-12648\tab LAMINA_R\tab MEDLIN
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06603\tab CV95-12649\tab LAMINA_R\tab KEMKER
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06604\tab CV95-12650\tab DAMPIE_H\tab MCGINLEY
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06605\tab CV95-12651\tab GALLAG_M\tab BOLES
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06606\tab CV95-12652\tab GALLAG_M\tab JACKSON
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06607\tab CV95-12653\tab GALLAG_M\tab SHORT
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06608\tab CV95-12654\tab LAMINA_R\tab LEA
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06609\tab CV95-12655\tab GALLAG_M\tab MCANDREW
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06610\tab CV95-12656\tab LAMINA_R\tab LINDSAY
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06611\tab CV95-12657\tab MITHOF_R\tab TENNANT
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06612\tab CV95-12658\tab MITHOF_R\tab FISCHER
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06613\tab CV95-12659\tab BONHAM_W\tab STORCE-KLEPAIDA
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06614\tab CV95-12660\tab LAMINA_R\tab ETHEREDGE
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06617\tab CV95-12663\tab GALLAG_M\tab KIDD
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06618\tab CV95-12664\tab MITHOF_R\tab MILAM
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06620\tab CV95-12666\tab LAMINA_R\tab FORBES
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06621\tab CV95-12667\tab LAMINA_R\tab BARRON
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06622\tab CV95-12668\tab MITHOF_R\tab COLEMAN
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06623\tab CV95-12669\tab LAMINA_R\tab RAYNES
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06624\tab CV95-12670\tab LAMINA_R\tab CALKINS
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06625\tab CV95-12671\tab LAMINA_R\tab CHAMBLISS
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06626\tab CV95-12672\tab LAMINA_R\tab SNEARIN
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06627\tab CV95-12673\tab HOUSSI_C\tab POLLAK
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06628\tab CV95-12674\tab LAMINA_R\tab HURST
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06629\tab CV95-12675\tab LAMINA_R\tab COX
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06630\tab CV95-12676\tab LAMINA_R\tab BENNETT
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06631\tab CV95-12677\tab LAMINA_R\tab PATTERSON
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06632\tab CV95-12678\tab MITHOF_R\tab NILSSON
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06633\tab CV95-12679\tab MITHOF_R\tab BORDONARO
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06634\tab CV95-12680\tab LAMINA_R\tab USKOVICH
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06635\tab CV95-12681\tab MITHOF_R\tab FLADUNG
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06636\tab CV95-12682\tab MITHOF_R\tab BAKER
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06638\tab CV95-12684\tab LAMINA_R\tab BOWELL
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06639\tab CV95-12685\tab PALISI_J\tab PARRIS
\par \sect }\sectd \lndscpsxn\pgwsxn15840\pghsxn12240\marglsxn864\margrsxn864\margtsxn900\margbsxn864\sbknone\linex0\headery900\footery864\sectdefaultcl \pard\plain \qj\nowidctlpar
\tx-576\tx0\tx450\tx1656\tx2916\tx4086\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360\tx10800\tx11520\adjustright {\f2\fs16 TXS\tab 4:95-06640\tab CV95-12686\tab HOUSER_B\tab ESTRADA
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06641\tab CV95-12687\tab LAMINA_R\tab KIRBOW
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06642\tab CV95-12688\tab GERRIN_R\tab RICE
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06643\tab CV95-12689\tab LAMINA_R\tab STOVER
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06644\tab CV95-12690\tab LAMINA_R\tab LANE
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06645\tab CV95-12691\tab LAMINA_R\tab SHELBURNE
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06646\tab CV95-12692\tab LAMINA_R\tab SEALE
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06647\tab CV95-12693\tab LAMINA_R\tab HOLT
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06648\tab CV95-12694\tab LAMINA_R\tab ALLEN
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06649\tab CV95-12695\tab LAMINA_R\tab ROBERTS
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06650\tab CV95-12696\tab LAMINA_R\tab SMITH
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06651\tab CV95-12697\tab LAMINA_R\tab COMBEST
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06653\tab CV95-12699\tab LAMINA_R\tab MOODY
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06654\tab CV95-12700\tab SYDOW_MI\tab WARDE
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06655\tab CV95-12701\tab SYDOW_MI\tab HOPKINS
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06656\tab CV95-12702\tab SYDOW_MI\tab KRAWEC
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06657\tab CV95-12703\tab SYDOW_MI\tab STEWART
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06658\tab CV95-12704\tab SYDOW_MI\tab YEE
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06659\tab CV95-12705\tab HOUSER_B\tab YOUNG
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06660\tab CV95-12706\tab SYDOW_MI\tab LECLAIR
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06661\tab CV95-12707\tab SYDOW_MI\tab FARRELL
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06662\tab CV95-12708\tab SYDOW_MI\tab MAZERALL
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06663\tab CV95-12709\tab SYDOW_MI\tab SOLOMON
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06664\tab CV95-12710\tab JACKS_TO\tab THOMPSON
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06665\tab CV95-12711\tab JACKS_TO\tab HILE
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06666\tab CV95-12712\tab JACKS_TO\tab KELLEY
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06667\tab CV95-12713\tab JACKS_TO\tab KYRIAKOPOLOUS
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06668\tab CV95-12714\tab JACKS_TO\tab MASON
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06669\tab CV95-12715\tab JACKS_TO\tab SPURLOCK
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06670\tab CV95-12716\tab SYDOW_MI\tab WHEWAY
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06671\tab CV95-12717\tab SYDOW_MI\tab LUSSIER-DEMERS
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06672\tab CV95-12718\tab SYDOW_MI\tab MORRISETTE
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06673\tab CV95-12719\tab LAMINA_R\tab HENSLEY
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06674\tab CV95-12720\tab LAMINA_R\tab AVILA
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06675\tab CV95-12721\tab MITHOF_R\tab ROCHELLE
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06676\tab CV95-12722\tab LAMINA_R\tab ROBERTSON
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06677\tab CV95-12723\tab LAMINA_R\tab SALTZMAN
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06679\tab CV95-12725\tab DAMPIE_H\tab WOODSON
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06680\tab CV95-12726\tab MITHOF_R\tab HOWELL
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06681\tab CV95-12727\tab BONNER_V\tab HUBERT
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06683\tab CV95-12729\tab DAMPIE_H\tab SNELL
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06684\tab CV95-12730\tab DAMPIE_H\tab ANDERSON
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06685\tab CV95-12731\tab DAMPIE_H\tab BAKER
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06686\tab CV95-12732\tab DAMPIE_H\tab BAZELEWICK
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06687\tab CV95-12733\tab DAMPIE_H\tab BOE
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06688\tab CV95-12734\tab DAMPIE_H\tab CARRIERE
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06689\tab CV95-12735\tab DAMPIE_H\tab CAVERS
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06690\tab CV95-12736\tab DAMPIE_H\tab CORBETT
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06691\tab CV95-12737\tab DAMPIE_H\tab CURRIE
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06692\tab CV95-12738\tab DAMPIE_H\tab DEDELS
\par \sect }\sectd \lndscpsxn\pgwsxn15840\pghsxn12240\marglsxn864\margrsxn864\margtsxn900\margbsxn864\sbknone\linex0\headery900\footery864\sectdefaultcl \pard\plain \qj\nowidctlpar
\tx-576\tx0\tx450\tx1656\tx2916\tx4086\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360\tx10800\tx11520\adjustright {\f2\fs16 TXS\tab 4:95-06693\tab CV95-12739\tab DAMPIE_H\tab DUDNYK
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06694\tab CV95-12740\tab DAMPIE_H\tab DYTE
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06695\tab CV95-12741\tab DAMPIE_H\tab FETTIG
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06696\tab CV95-12742\tab DAMPIE_H\tab GRANT
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06697\tab CV95-12743\tab DAMPIE_H\tab GRBAVAC
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06698\tab CV95-12744\tab DAMPIE_H\tab HANSUM
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06699\tab CV95-12745\tab DAMPIE_H\tab KLOOSTER
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06700\tab CV95-12746\tab DAMPIE_H\tab LINDEN
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06701\tab CV95-12747\tab DAMPIE_H\tab MALCHOW
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06702\tab CV95-12748\tab DAMPIE_H\tab MUDRY
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06703\tab CV95-12749\tab DAMPIE_H\tab MUTTER
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06704\tab CV95-12750\tab DAMPIE_H\tab OBER
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06705\tab CV95-12751\tab DAMPIE_H\tab PINDER
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06706\tab CV95-12752\tab DAMPIE_H\tab PROKOPUK
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06707\tab CV95-12753\tab DAMPIE_H\tab RAYMENT
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06708\tab CV95-12754\tab DAMPIE_H\tab SCRIVER
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06709\tab CV95-12755\tab DAMPIE_H\tab STROH
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06710\tab CV95-12756\tab DAMPIE_H\tab SWIATEK
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06711\tab CV95-12757\tab DAMPIE_H\tab TOPOLINSKY
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06712\tab CV95-12758\tab DAMPIE_H\tab VAN DER VEGT
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06713\tab CV95-12759\tab DAMPIE_H\tab VROOM
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06714\tab CV95-12760\tab DAMPIE_H\tab WEST
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06715\tab CV95-12761\tab DAMPIE_H\tab WILSON
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06716\tab CV95-12762\tab GALLAG_M\tab LAFITTE
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06717\tab CV95-12763\tab GALLAG_M\tab TAYLOR
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06718\tab CV95-12764\tab GALLAG_M\tab WEAVER
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06719\tab CV95-12765\tab GALLAG_M\tab WOOD
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06720\tab CV95-12766\tab GALLAG_M\tab ENNIS
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06721\tab CV95-12767\tab GALLAG_M\tab HUDSON
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06722\tab CV95-12768\tab GALLAG_M\tab BARKER
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06723\tab CV95-12769\tab GALLAG_M\tab GAFFNEY
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06725\tab CV95-12771\tab GALLAG_M\tab JOHNSON
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06726\tab CV95-12772\tab GALLAG_R\tab HITCHCOCK
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06727\tab CV95-12773\tab MITHOF_R\tab BELL
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06728\tab CV95-12774\tab GALLAG_M\tab RUGG
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06729\tab CV95-12775\tab MITHOF_R\tab REEVES
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06730\tab CV95-12776\tab GALLAG_M\tab ENGLISH
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06731\tab CV95-12777\tab GALLAG_M\tab BRUNT
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06732\tab CV95-12778\tab GALLAG_M\tab MCMILLAN
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06733\tab CV95-12779\tab GALLAG_M\tab BROUSSARD
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06734\tab CV95-12780\tab STEIDL_J\tab PALMER
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06735\tab CV95-12781\tab MITHOF_R\tab MARTIN
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06738\tab CV95-12784\tab WILLI_JI\tab SENSAT
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06739\tab CV95-12785\tab BARNET_D\tab MOONS
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06740\tab CV95-12786\tab GALLAG_M\tab HENLEY
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06741\tab CV95-12787\tab GALLAG_M\tab RUCKLE
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06742\tab CV95-12788\tab GALLAG_M\tab ADKINS
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06743\tab CV95-12789\tab GALLAG_M\tab AVENELL
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06744\tab CV95-12790\tab GALLAG_M\tab KEMP
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06745\tab CV95-12791\tab GALLAG_M\tab PEDIGO
\par \sect }\sectd \lndscpsxn\pgwsxn15840\pghsxn12240\marglsxn864\margrsxn864\margtsxn900\margbsxn864\sbknone\linex0\headery900\footery864\sectdefaultcl \pard\plain \qj\nowidctlpar
\tx-576\tx0\tx450\tx1656\tx2916\tx4086\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360\tx10800\tx11520\adjustright {\f2\fs16 TXS\tab 4:95-06746\tab CV95-12792\tab BARNET_D\tab RICHIE
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06747\tab CV95-12793\tab GALLAG_M\tab NICHOLS
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06748\tab CV95-12794\tab GALLAG_M\tab MCCAMEY-DUPUY
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06749\tab CV95-12795\tab GALLAG_M\tab GOULDEN
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06751\tab CV95-12797\tab ROSEN_MA\tab ROACH
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06752\tab CV95-12798\tab ROSEN_MA\tab CAMPBELL
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06753\tab CV95-12799\tab ROSEN_MA\tab HOWARD
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06754\tab CV95-12800\tab ROSEN_MA\tab MCCALL
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06755\tab CV95-12801\tab ROSEN_MA\tab MCMURREY
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06756\tab CV95-12802\tab LAMINA_R\tab ADAMS
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06757\tab CV95-12803\tab GALLAG_M\tab GAMEZ
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06758\tab CV95-12804\tab GALLAG_M\tab STROUD
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06759\tab CV95-12805\tab GALLAG_M\tab COLVIN
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06760\tab CV95-12806\tab BLIZZA_E\tab MORTIMER
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06761\tab CV95-12807\tab HERRI_AB\tab OLBRYCH
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06762\tab CV95-12808\tab OZMUN_SC\tab O'CONNELL
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06763\tab CV95-12809\tab DAVIS_JO\tab PAVALKO
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06764\tab CV95-12810\tab LAMINA_R\tab JOHNSON
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06765\tab CV95-12811\tab SYDOW_MI\tab JOHNSTON
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06766\tab CV95-12812\tab SYDOW_MI\tab NELSON
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06767\tab CV95-12813\tab SYDOW_MI\tab PITTS
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06768\tab CV95-12814\tab DAVIS_JO\tab BIANCONE
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06769\tab CV95-12815\tab DAVIS_JO\tab BOWERS
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06770\tab CV95-12816\tab DAVIS_JO\tab CAPELL
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06772\tab CV95-12818\tab LAMINA_R\tab CASTILAW
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06773\tab CV95-12819\tab BLIZZA_E\tab CELESTE
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06774\tab CV95-12820\tab SYDOW_MI\tab BROWN
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06775\tab CV95-12821\tab SYDOW_MI\tab BANKS
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06776\tab CV95-12822\tab SYDOW_MI\tab DENT
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06777\tab CV95-12823\tab SYDOW_MI\tab MACKINNON
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06778\tab CV95-12824\tab SYDOW_MI\tab THOMPSON
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06780\tab CV95-12826\tab SYDOW_MI\tab HINTZ
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06781\tab CV95-12827\tab SYDOW_MI\tab HARMATUIK
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06782\tab CV95-12828\tab DAVIS_JO\tab CULHANE
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06783\tab CV95-12829\tab HINTON_R\tab REINER
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06784\tab CV95-12830\tab DAVIS_JO\tab WELCH
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06785\tab CV95-12831\tab DAVIS_JO\tab WHITE
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06786\tab CV95-12832\tab DAVIS_JO\tab REED
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06787\tab CV95-12833\tab DAVIS_JO\tab CHESTER
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06788\tab CV95-12834\tab BRADSH_C\tab MRAZEK
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06789\tab CV95-12835\tab TERRY_VI\tab MOORE
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06790\tab CV95-12836\tab SYDOW_MI\tab KOWALCHUK
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06797\tab CV95-12843\tab WEIR_WAR\tab RODRIGUEZ
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06798\tab CV95-12844\tab ROSEN_MA\tab HOLYFIELD
\par TXS\tab 4:95-06880\tab CV95-14748\tab HAAS_MAR\tab QUINLEY
\par TXS\tab 4:95-07067\tab CV95-14933\tab GALLAG_M\tab ABBOTT
\par TXS\tab 4:95-07079\tab CV95-14943\tab OZMUN_SC\tab ADKINS
\par TXS\tab 4:95-07081\tab CV95-14945\tab BARNET_D\tab ADLER
\par TXS\tab 4:95-07084\tab CV95-14947\tab GALLAG_M\tab AGUIRRE
\par TXS\tab 4:95-07087\tab CV95-14949\tab LAMINA_R\tab AKERS
\par \sect }\sectd \lndscpsxn\pgwsxn15840\pghsxn12240\marglsxn864\margrsxn864\margtsxn900\margbsxn864\sbknone\linex0\headery900\footery864\sectdefaultcl \pard\plain \qj\nowidctlpar
\tx-576\tx0\tx450\tx1656\tx2916\tx4086\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360\tx10800\tx11520\adjustright {\f2\fs16 TXS\tab 4:95-07096\tab CV95-14958\tab CANNON_W\tab ALLEN
\par TXS\tab 4:95-07108\tab CV95-14967\tab GALLAG_M\tab ARELLANO
\par TXS\tab 4:95-07116\tab CV95-14975\tab MITHOF_R\tab ATKINSON
\par TXS\tab 4:95-07117\tab CV95-14976\tab CANNON_W\tab ATTAR
\par TXS\tab 4:95-07118\tab CV95-14977\tab LAMINA_R\tab EL ATTRACHE
\par TXS\tab 4:95-07124\tab CV95-14982\tab GALLAG_M\tab AVILA-DELGADO
\par TXS\tab 4:95-07129\tab CV95-14987\tab LEONA_TE\tab BAILEY
\par TXS\tab 4:95-07136\tab CV95-14994\tab GALLAG_M\tab BAKER
\par TXS\tab 4:95-07137\tab CV95-14995\tab GALLAG_M\tab BLADRIDGE
\par TXS\tab 4:95-07138\tab CV95-14996\tab STEIDL_J\tab BALLANCE
\par TXS\tab 4:95-07139\tab CV95-14997\tab BONHAM_W\tab BALLARD
\par TXS\tab 4:95-07141\tab CV95-14998\tab BONHAM_W\tab BALLI
\par TXS\tab 4:95-07153\tab CV95-15009\tab GALLAG_M\tab BARRETT
\par TXS\tab 4:95-07164\tab CV95-15018\tab GALLAG_M\tab BEARD
\par TXS\tab 4:95-07173\tab CV95-15025\tab LAMINA_R\tab BELL
\par TXS\tab 4:95-07183\tab CV95-15033\tab WILLI_JI\tab BEST
\par TXS\tab 4:95-07205\tab CV95-15051\tab WILLI_JI\tab BLISS
\par TXS\tab 4:95-07229\tab CV95-15069\tab LAMINA_R\tab BOURQUE
\par TXS\tab 4:95-07242\tab CV95-15082\tab GALLAG_M\tab BRADFORD
\par TXS\tab 4:95-07247\tab CV95-15087\tab GALLAG_M\tab BRAMER
\par TXS\tab 4:95-07276\tab CV95-15108\tab LAMINA_R\tab BROWN
\par TXS\tab 4:95-07303\tab CV95-15132\tab GALLAG_M\tab BUNCH
\par TXS\tab 4:95-07335\tab CV95-15159\tab MITHOF_R\tab CAGE
\par TXS\tab 4:95-07336\tab CV95-15160\tab BONHAM_W\tab CAIAZZO
\par TXS\tab 4:95-07342\tab CV95-15165\tab STEIDL_J\tab CAMPBELL
\par TXS\tab 4:95-07369\tab CV95-15188\tab LAMINA_R\tab CARTER
\par TXS\tab 4:95-07378\tab CV95-15196\tab GALLAG_M\tab CAUDELL
\par TXS\tab 4:95-07384\tab CV95-15201\tab GALLAG_M\tab CERNOSEK
\par TXS\tab 4:95-07398\tab CV95-15214\tab MCANIN_E\tab CHILDRESS
\par TXS\tab 4:95-07400\tab CV95-15216\tab GALLAG_M\tab CHOLLAR
\par TXS\tab 4:95-07410\tab CV95-15224\tab GALLAG_M\tab CLAYCOMB
\par TXS\tab 4:95-07462\tab CV95-15267\tab LAMINA_R\tab CURTNEY
\par TXS\tab 4:95-07508\tab CV95-15305\tab CANNON_W\tab DARBY
\par TXS\tab 4:95-07511\tab CV95-15308\tab STEIDL_J\tab DAVIS
\par TXS\tab 4:95-07512\tab CV95-15309\tab CANNON_W\tab DAVIS
\par TXS\tab 4:95-07520\tab CV95-15316\tab LAMINA_R\tab DAVIS
\par TXS\tab 4:95-07525\tab CV95-15320\tab GALLAG_M\tab DECKER
\par TXS\tab 4:95-07548\tab CV95-15341\tab GALLAG_M\tab DIETZ
\par TXS\tab 4:95-07552\tab CV95-15345\tab HAAS_MAR\tab DODSON
\par TXS\tab 4:95-07555\tab CV95-15348\tab BLIZZA_E\tab DONOHO
\par TXS\tab 4:95-07561\tab CV95-15354\tab LAMINA_R\tab DOVE
\par TXS\tab 4:95-07564\tab CV95-15357\tab GALLAG_M\tab DOYEN
\par TXS\tab 4:95-07567\tab CV95-15360\tab MITHOF_R\tab DREISBACH
\par TXS\tab 4:95-07585\tab CV95-15373\tab GALLAG_M\tab DURHAM
\par TXS\tab 4:95-07589\tab CV95-15376\tab GALLAG_M\tab DUTTON
\par TXS\tab 4:95-07613\tab CV95-15396\tab GALLAG_M\tab ERICKSON
\par TXS\tab 4:95-07615\tab CV95-15398\tab WILLI_JI\tab ERWIN
\par TXS\tab 4:95-07631\tab CV95-15413\tab CANNON_W\tab EVERETT
\par TXS\tab 4:95-07691\tab CV95-15468\tab GALLAG_M\tab FREEMAN
\par TXS\tab 4:95-07707\tab CV95-15484\tab STEIDL_J\tab GAITAN
\par \sect }\sectd \lndscpsxn\pgwsxn15840\pghsxn12240\marglsxn864\margrsxn864\margtsxn900\margbsxn864\sbknone\linex0\headery900\footery864\sectdefaultcl \pard\plain \qj\nowidctlpar
\tx-576\tx0\tx450\tx1656\tx2916\tx4086\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360\tx10800\tx11520\adjustright {\f2\fs16 TXS\tab 4:95-07715\tab CV95-15490\tab GALLAG_M\tab GANSKE
\par TXS\tab 4:95-07727\tab CV95-15499\tab MITHOF_R\tab GASPARD
\par TXS\tab 4:95-07737\tab CV95-15507\tab MITHOF_R\tab GIBBS
\par TXS\tab 4:95-07741\tab CV95-15510\tab CANNON_W\tab GILLSEPIE
\par TXS\tab 4:95-07761\tab CV95-15526\tab GALLAG_M\tab GOODWIN
\par TXS\tab 4:95-07769\tab CV95-15534\tab RADER_JO\tab GRADE
\par TXS\tab 4:95-07771\tab CV95-15536\tab GALLAG_M\tab GRAHAM
\par TXS\tab 4:95-07826\tab CV95-15583\tab GALLAG_M\tab HAMM
\par TXS\tab 4:95-07840\tab CV95-15596\tab GALLAG_M\tab HARDIN
\par TXS\tab 4:95-07847\tab CV95-15602\tab BLIZZA_E\tab HARPER
\par TXS\tab 4:95-07851\tab CV95-15606\tab LEIBOW_D\tab HARRIS
\par TXS\tab 4:95-07863\tab CV95-15618\tab JACKS_WI\tab HARRISON
\par TXS\tab 4:95-07908\tab CV95-15659\tab GALLAG_M\tab HERNANDEZ
\par TXS\tab 4:95-07929\tab CV95-15677\tab LAMINA_R\tab HOBSON
\par TXS\tab 4:95-07930\tab CV95-15678\tab LAMINA_R\tab HOBSON
\par TXS\tab 4:95-07935\tab CV95-15683\tab GALLAG_M\tab HOLLADAY
\par TXS\tab 4:95-07973\tab CV95-15718\tab MITHOF_R\tab HUGGINS
\par TXS\tab 4:95-07981\tab CV95-15725\tab DURANT_H\tab HUSEMAN
\par TXS\tab 4:95-07999\tab CV95-15739\tab LAMINA_R\tab JARRELL
\par TXS\tab 4:95-08001\tab CV95-15740\tab CANNON_W\tab JEANES
\par TXS\tab 4:95-08022\tab CV95-15756\tab GALLAG_M\tab JONES
\par TXS\tab 4:95-08031\tab CV95-15762\tab GALLAG_M\tab JONES
\par TXS\tab 4:95-08050\tab CV95-15778\tab DURANT_H\tab KEITH
\par TXS\tab 4:95-08061\tab CV95-15787\tab CANNON_W\tab KENNEDY
\par TXS\tab 4:95-08078\tab CV95-15801\tab GALLAG_M\tab KINS
\par TXS\tab 4:95-08079\tab CV95-15802\tab LAMINA_R\tab KIRBOW
\par TXS\tab 4:95-08085\tab CV95-15808\tab WILLI_JI\tab KLINGER
\par TXS\tab 4:95-08094\tab CV95-15817\tab HOUSSI_C\tab KOLLMAN
\par TXS\tab 4:95-08097\tab CV95-15820\tab BLIZZA_E\tab KOZICKY
\par TXS\tab 4:95-08105\tab CV95-15825\tab BRADSH_C\tab LABLAIR
\par TXS\tab 4:95-08110\tab CV95-15830\tab MCDOWE_J\tab LAM
\par TXS\tab 4:95-08122\tab CV95-15840\tab MITHOF_R\tab LANGENBECK
\par TXS\tab 4:95-08123\tab CV95-15841\tab LAMINA_R\tab LANIER
\par TXS\tab 4:95-08142\tab CV95-15859\tab NORVEL_J\tab LEE
\par TXS\tab 4:95-08158\tab CV95-15873\tab CANNON_W\tab LEWIS
\par TXS\tab 4:95-08160\tab CV95-15875\tab HOUSSI_C\tab LEWIS
\par TXS\tab 4:95-08166\tab CV95-15881\tab GALLAG_M\tab LILLEY
\par TXS\tab 4:95-08181\tab CV95-15893\tab LAMINA_R\tab LONGE
\par TXS\tab 4:95-08197\tab CV95-15908\tab STEIDL_J\tab MACTAVISH
\par TXS\tab 4:95-08210\tab CV95-15921\tab TURLEY_L\tab MARBLE
\par TXS\tab 4:95-08257\tab CV95-15963\tab HARTMA_C\tab MCDOWELL
\par TXS\tab 4:95-08263\tab CV95-15969\tab MALLIO_G\tab MCINTIRE
\par TXS\tab 4:95-08270\tab CV95-15975\tab GALLAG_M\tab MCKINNEY
\par TXS\tab 4:95-08271\tab CV95-15976\tab STEIDL_J\tab MCKINNON
\par TXS\tab 4:95-08272\tab CV95-15977\tab MITHOF_R\tab MCKOWN
\par TXS\tab 4:95-08278\tab CV95-15983\tab GALLAG_M\tab MCMILLAN
\par TXS\tab 4:95-08279\tab CV95-15984\tab BLIZZA_E\tab MCMURRAY
\par TXS\tab 4:95-08281\tab CV95-15986\tab ROSEN_MA\tab MCMURRY
\par TXS\tab 4:95-08282\tab CV95-15987\tab BONHAM_W\tab MCNEICE
\par TXS\tab 4:95-08292\tab CV95-15995\tab BONHAM_W\tab MELINA
\par \sect }\sectd \lndscpsxn\pgwsxn15840\pghsxn12240\marglsxn864\margrsxn864\margtsxn900\margbsxn864\sbknone\linex0\headery900\footery864\sectdefaultcl \pard\plain \qj\nowidctlpar
\tx-576\tx0\tx450\tx1656\tx2916\tx4086\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360\tx10800\tx11520\adjustright {\f2\fs16 TXS\tab 4:95-08297\tab CV95-16000\tab GALLAG_M\tab MERCER
\par TXS\tab 4:95-08308\tab CV95-16008\tab GALLAG_M\tab MIERS
\par TXS\tab 4:95-08319\tab CV95-16018\tab BONHAM_W\tab MILNER
\par TXS\tab 4:95-08360\tab CV95-16053\tab GALLAG_M\tab MULLINAX
\par TXS\tab 4:95-08369\tab CV95-16062\tab GALLAG_M\tab MURILLO
\par TXS\tab 4:95-08379\tab CV95-16072\tab CANNON_W\tab NAPLES-GREEN
\par TXS\tab 4:95-08390\tab CV95-16079\tab MITHOF_R\tab NEWCOMER
\par TXS\tab 4:95-08414\tab CV95-16096\tab WILLI_JI\tab NOLAN
\par TXS\tab 4:95-08415\tab CV95-16097\tab WILLI_JI\tab NOLAN
\par TXS\tab 4:95-08416\tab CV95-16098\tab LAMINA_R\tab NOLIN
\par TXS\tab 4:95-08420\tab CV95-16101\tab LAMINA_R\tab NORVELL
\par TXS\tab 4:95-08423\tab CV95-16102\tab GALLAG_M\tab NOWAK
\par TXS\tab 4:95-08425\tab CV95-16104\tab LAMINA_R\tab NUGENT
\par TXS\tab 4:95-08443\tab CV95-16120\tab CANNON_W\tab OLSON
\par TXS\tab 4:95-08446\tab CV95-16122\tab GALLAG_M\tab OSENBAUGH
\par TXS\tab 4:95-08448\tab CV95-16124\tab GALLAG_M\tab OVERLY
\par TXS\tab 4:95-08461\tab CV95-16134\tab CANNON_W\tab PARKER
\par TXS\tab 4:95-08472\tab CV95-16143\tab WILLI_JI\tab PAULSEN
\par TXS\tab 4:95-08476\tab CV95-16147\tab BLIZZA_E\tab PEARSON
\par TXS\tab 4:95-08484\tab CV95-16155\tab GALLAG_M\tab PENNINGTON
\par TXS\tab 4:95-08491\tab CV96-10668\tab LEWIS_RC\tab PERRY
\par TXS\tab 4:95-08495\tab CV95-16162\tab BONHAM_W\tab PETREE
\par TXS\tab 4:95-08496\tab CV95-16163\tab BONHAM_W\tab PETREE
\par TXS\tab 4:95-08502\tab CV95-16167\tab RENTZ_JO\tab PHILLIPS
\par TXS\tab 4:95-08516\tab CV95-16178\tab BLIZZA_E\tab PIZZITOLA
\par TXS\tab 4:95-08518\tab CV95-16180\tab GALLAG_M\tab PLUNKETT
\par TXS\tab 4:95-08531\tab CV95-16191\tab BLIZZA_E\tab PRICE
\par TXS\tab 4:95-08548\tab CV95-16207\tab OZMUN_SC\tab QUINN
\par TXS\tab 4:95-08566\tab CV95-16223\tab STEIDL_J\tab REDDING
\par TXS\tab 4:95-08592\tab CV95-16244\tab MITHOF_R\tab RICHARDSON
\par TXS\tab 4:95-08608\tab CV95-16259\tab STEIDL_J\tab RIOS
\par TXS\tab 4:95-08624\tab CV95-16274\tab GALLAG_M\tab ROBERTS
\par TXS\tab 4:95-08636\tab CV95-16284\tab ROSEN_MA\tab ROCHA
\par TXS\tab 4:95-08638\tab CV95-16286\tab GALLAG_M\tab ROCHNA
\par TXS\tab 4:95-08646\tab CV95-16291\tab GALLAG_M\tab ROGERS
\par TXS\tab 4:95-08667\tab CV95-16312\tab BLIZZA_E\tab RYAN
\par TXS\tab 4:95-08678\tab CV95-16322\tab STEIDL_J\tab SAMATARO
\par TXS\tab 4:95-08686\tab CV95-16328\tab GALLAG_M\tab SANDIG
\par TXS\tab 4:95-08706\tab CV95-16346\tab CANNON_W\tab SCOTT
\par TXS\tab 4:95-08744\tab CV95-16374\tab GERRIN_R\tab SIMMONS
\par TXS\tab 4:95-08811\tab CV95-16429\tab BLIZZA_E\tab STEVENS
\par TXS\tab 4:95-08825\tab CV95-16442\tab LAMINA_R\tab STRICKLAND
\par TXS\tab 4:95-08863\tab CV95-16473\tab LAMINA_R\tab TAYLOR
\par TXS\tab 4:95-08885\tab CV95-16490\tab ROSEN_MA\tab THOMPSON
\par TXS\tab 4:95-08892\tab CV95-16497\tab GALLAG_M\tab TISDALE
\par TXS\tab 4:95-08919\tab CV95-16521\tab MITHOF_R\tab URSPRUNG
\par TXS\tab 4:95-08925\tab CV95-16527\tab ROSEN_MA\tab VALLONE
\par TXS\tab 4:95-08927\tab CV95-16529\tab BONHAM_W\tab VAN HOESEN
\par TXS\tab 4:95-08947\tab CV95-16548\tab JACKS_WI\tab VINCENT
\par TXS\tab 4:95-08960\tab CV95-16558\tab ANGELO_S\tab WAINWRIGHT
\par \sect }\sectd \lndscpsxn\pgwsxn15840\pghsxn12240\marglsxn864\margrsxn864\margtsxn900\margbsxn864\sbknone\linex0\headery900\footery864\sectdefaultcl \pard\plain \qj\nowidctlpar
\tx-576\tx0\tx450\tx1656\tx2916\tx4086\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360\tx10800\tx11520\adjustright {\f2\fs16 TXS\tab 4:95-08961\tab CV95-16559\tab GALLAG_M\tab WAKEFIELD
\par TXS\tab 4:95-08962\tab CV95-16560\tab GALLAG_M\tab WALDEN
\par TXS\tab 4:95-08963\tab CV95-16561\tab GALLAG_M\tab WALDRUM
\par TXS\tab 4:95-08971\tab CV95-16568\tab MITHOF_R\tab WALLING
\par TXS\tab 4:95-08973\tab CV95-16570\tab BONHAM_W\tab WALSH
\par TXS\tab 4:95-08997\tab CV95-16590\tab BLIZZA_E\tab WEBBER
\par TXS\tab 4:95-09034\tab CV95-16619\tab CANNON_W\tab WHITT
\par TXS\tab 4:95-09041\tab CV95-16626\tab HAAS_MAR\tab WILDI
\par TXS\tab 4:95-09055\tab CV95-16640\tab GALLAG_M\tab WILLIAMSON
\par TXS\tab 4:95-09079\tab CV95-16661\tab MALLIO_G\tab WORKMAN
\par TXS\tab 4:95-09102\tab CV95-16683\tab GALLAG_M\tab YTURRIA
\par TXS\tab 4:95-09104\tab CV95-16685\tab GALLAG_M\tab ZACK
\par TXS\tab 4:95-09106\tab CV95-16686\tab GALLAG_M\tab ZAPALAC
\par TXS\tab 4:95-09112\tab CV95-16692\tab BLIZZA_E\tab ZUMETA
\par TXS\tab 4:95-09130\tab CV95-16710\tab SCHERR_J\tab BANKSTON
\par TXS\tab 4:95-09140\tab CV95-16720\tab STEIDL_J\tab BECK
\par TXS\tab 4:95-09145\tab CV95-16725\tab ATKINS_M\tab BONANNO
\par TXS\tab 4:95-09148\tab CV95-16728\tab LAMINA_R\tab BRATTON
\par TXS\tab 4:95-09167\tab CV95-16746\tab GALLAG_M\tab COGDELL
\par TXS\tab 4:95-09193\tab CV95-16771\tab MALLIO_G\tab DODSON
\par TXS\tab 4:95-09227\tab CV95-16804\tab GALLAG_M\tab GRAVETT
\par TXS\tab 4:95-09240\tab CV95-16814\tab LEIBOW_D\tab HARRIS
\par TXS\tab 4:95-09247\tab CV95-16821\tab GALLAG_M\tab HONEYCUTT
\par TXS\tab 4:95-09248\tab CV95-16822\tab GALLAG_M\tab HUDSON
\par TXS\tab 4:95-09253\tab CV95-16826\tab LAMINA_R\tab JACKSON
\par TXS\tab 4:95-09263\tab CV95-16835\tab OZMUN_SC\tab JONES
\par TXS\tab 4:95-09269\tab CV95-16841\tab OZMUN_SC\tab KING
\par TXS\tab 4:95-09296\tab CV95-16867\tab MALLIO_G\tab MARTIN
\par TXS\tab 4:95-09306\tab CV95-16877\tab GALLAG_M\tab MCINTOSH
\par TXS\tab 4:95-09309\tab CV95-16880\tab MULLIG_P\tab MCLAUGHLIN
\par TXS\tab 4:95-09310\tab CV95-16881\tab GALLAG_M\tab MCNUTT
\par TXS\tab 4:95-09372\tab CV95-16943\tab MALLIO_G\tab WYATT
\par TXS\tab 4:95-09379\tab CV95-16950\tab LAMINA_R\tab RICHARDS-KEITH
\par TXS\tab 4:95-09384\tab CV95-16955\tab LAMINA_R\tab ROSSON
\par TXS\tab 4:95-09398\tab CV95-16969\tab STEIDL_J\tab SHIREY
\par TXS\tab 4:95-09430\tab CV95-17001\tab OZMUN_SC\tab TREME
\par TXS\tab 4:95-09445\tab CV95-17016\tab GALLAG_M\tab WESTBROOK
\par TXS\tab 4:95-09452\tab CV95-17023\tab LITTLE_Z\tab WILSON
\par TXS\tab 4:95-09453\tab CV95-17024\tab GALLAG_M\tab WILSON
\par TXS\tab 4:95-09610\tab CV95-17181\tab HAAS_MAR\tab WILDI
\par TXS\tab 4:95-09792\tab CV95-17362\tab HAAS_MAR\tab DODSON
\par TXS\tab 4:95-10420\tab CV95-18801\tab STEIDL_J\tab HOUSTON
\par TXS\tab 4:95-10561\tab CV95-18941\tab HAAS_MAR\tab GILSTRAP
\par TXS\tab 4:96-04025\tab CV97-10039\tab LAMINA_R\tab WEIL
\par TXS\tab 4:96-04026\tab CV97-10040\tab LAMINA_R\tab WARNER
\par TXS\tab 4:96-04027\tab CV97-10041\tab LAMINA_R\tab GOOD
\par TXS\tab 4:96-04028\tab CV97-10042\tab LAMINA_R\tab LEDGER
\par TXS\tab 4:96-04029\tab CV97-10043\tab LAMINA_R\tab KENNEDY
\par TXS\tab 4:97-00011\tab CV97-10110\tab HOUSSI_C\tab BREUNIG
\par TXS\tab 4:97-00568\tab CV97-10359\tab DURANT_H\tab PREWITT
\par \sect }\sectd \lndscpsxn\pgwsxn15840\pghsxn12240\marglsxn864\margrsxn864\margtsxn900\margbsxn864\sbknone\linex0\headery900\footery864\sectdefaultcl \pard\plain \qj\nowidctlpar
\tx-576\tx0\tx450\tx1656\tx2916\tx4086\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360\tx10800\tx11520\adjustright {\f2\fs16 TXS\tab 4:97-00592\tab CV97-10360\tab HOPKIN_D\tab ALDRIDGE
\par TXS\tab 4:97-00593\tab CV97-10361\tab HOPKIN_G\tab ALANIZ
\par TXS\tab 4:97-01755\tab CV97-11171\tab GREE_EDW\tab FERGUSON
\par TXS\tab 4:97-03088\tab CV97-11545\tab HUTTON_M\tab AUGUSTINE
\par TXS\tab 4:97-03092\tab CV98-12145\tab DURANT_H\tab ALFORD
\par TXS\tab 4:97-03093\tab CV98-12146\tab DURANT_H\tab BEST
\par TXS\tab 4:97-03094\tab CV98-12147\tab DURANT_H\tab WILSON
\par TXS\tab 4:97-03263\tab CV97-12012\tab HOUSSI_C\tab VAN SIEGMAN
\par TXS\tab 4:97-03336\tab CV98-10226\tab DURANT_H\tab ADAMS
\par TXS\tab 4:97-04136\tab CV98-11716\tab LUND_MAT\tab POOLE
\par TXS\tab 4:98-00102\tab CV98-11717\tab HOUSSI_C\tab COLCERI
\par TXS\tab 4:98-00132\tab CV98-11718\tab LAMINA_R\tab PIPKIN
\par TXS\tab 4:98-00395\tab CV98-12176\tab HOUSSI_C\tab KAHN
\par TXS\tab 4:98-00406\tab CV98-12379\tab BRANC_TU\tab FLEMING
\par TXS\tab 4:98-01117\tab CV98-12051\tab HOUSSI_C\tab KAMP
\par TXS\tab 4:98-01118\tab CV98-12052\tab HOUSSI_C\tab MCGEE
\par TXS\tab 4:98-01119\tab CV98-12053\tab HOUSSI_C\tab ELWARD
\par TXS\tab 4:98-01120\tab CV98-12054\tab HOUSSI_C\tab FEDRICK
\par TXS\tab 4:98-01121\tab CV98-12055\tab HOUSSI_C\tab DONNELLY
\par TXS\tab 4:98-01122\tab CV98-12056\tab HOUSSI_C\tab SPRATLEY
\par TXS\tab 4:98-01123\tab CV98-12057\tab HOUSSI_C\tab CLINK-BOBBITT
\par TXS\tab 4:98-01124\tab CV98-12058\tab HOUSSI_C\tab NEMETH
\par TXS\tab 4:98-01125\tab CV98-12059\tab HOUSSI_C\tab PAYNE
\par TXS\tab 4:98-01310\tab CV98-12148\tab HOUSSI_C\tab PAPUGA
\par TXS\tab 4:98-01503\tab CV98-12149\tab HOUSSI_C\tab MITCHELL
\par TXS\tab 4:98-01504\tab CV98-12150\tab HOUSSI_C\tab GITTINGS-WHITE
\par TXS\tab 4:98-01505\tab CV98-12151\tab DURANT_H\tab PETRICH
\par TXS\tab 4:98-01506\tab CV98-12152\tab HOUSSI_C\tab VANDEVER
\par TXS\tab 4:98-01507\tab CV98-12153\tab HOUSSI_C\tab RAMOS
\par TXS\tab 4:98-01897\tab CV98-12265\tab HOUSSI_C\tab SIMPSON
\par TXS\tab 4:98-02177\tab CV98-12318\tab HOUSSI_C\tab ALLEN
\par TXS\tab 4:98-02736\tab CV98-12319\tab HOUSSI_C\tab BYRNE
\par TXS\tab 4:98-04099\tab CV99-10028\tab BRANC_TU\tab KNANISHU
\par TXS\tab 4:98-04100\tab CV99-10029\tab BRANC_TU\tab CASTLES
\par TXW\tab 1:96-00247\tab CV98-12227\tab GILL_HUB\tab SCHNEIDER
\par TXW\tab 3:97-00388\tab CV97-11745\tab HUTTON_M\tab YANCICH
\par TXW\tab 5:95-00700\tab CV95-14555\tab MALLIO_G\tab MOLINA
\par TXW\tab 5:97-00626\tab CV97-11172\tab GREE_EDW\tab MEUTH
\par TXW\tab 5:97-01226\tab CV97-11746\tab HUTTON_M\tab COATES
\par TXW\tab 6:97-00147\tab CV97-11173\tab GREE_EDW\tab MANN
\par TXW\tab 6:97-00178\tab CV97-11174\tab GREE_EDW\tab GRELEN
\par TXW\tab 6:98-00325\tab CV98-12380\tab LITTLE_Z\tab DAVIS
\par TXW\tab 7:97-00091\tab CV97-11175\tab GREE_EDW\tab GRAHAM
\par UT\tab 1:96-00088\tab CV97-10052\tab BENNET_W\tab PEYSAR
\par UT\tab 1:97-00089\tab CV97-11426\tab ESPARZ_J\tab GROFF
\par UT\tab 1:98-00008\tab CV98-12011\tab COLLAR_K\tab COBB
\par UT\tab 1:98-00097\tab CV98-12320\tab COLLAR_K\tab SCOTT
\par UT\tab 2:93-00483\tab CV93-11875\tab O'RORK_P\tab MAKOFF
\par UT\tab 2:94-01211\tab CV95-10061\tab WILCOX_W\tab SIMS
\par UT\tab 2:96-00878\tab CV97-10044\tab BENNET_D\tab ANDERSON
\par \sect }\sectd \lndscpsxn\pgwsxn15840\pghsxn12240\marglsxn864\margrsxn864\margtsxn900\margbsxn864\sbknone\linex0\headery900\footery864\sectdefaultcl \pard\plain \qj\nowidctlpar
\tx-576\tx0\tx450\tx1656\tx2916\tx4086\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360\tx10800\tx11520\adjustright {\f2\fs16 UT\tab 2:96-01028\tab CV97-10111\tab BENNET_D\tab AIKEN
\par UT\tab 2:97-00018\tab CV97-10163\tab BENNET_D\tab FRANCHOW
\par UT\tab 2:97-00019\tab CV97-10164\tab BENNET_D\tab CORNWELL
\par UT\tab 2:97-00020\tab CV97-10165\tab BENNET_D\tab ALBRECHT
\par UT\tab 2:97-00021\tab CV97-10166\tab BENNET_D\tab THOMPSON
\par UT\tab 2:97-00022\tab CV97-10167\tab BENNET_D\tab BROOK
\par UT\tab 2:97-00048\tab CV97-10168\tab BENNET_D\tab PERRITT
\par UT\tab 2:97-00137\tab CV97-10279\tab ESPARZ_J\tab LINTZ
\par UT\tab 2:97-00151\tab CV97-10363\tab BENNET_D\tab JORDAN
\par UT\tab 2:97-00168\tab CV97-10980\tab BENNET_D\tab DEBRA ROBB
\par UT\tab 2:97-00178\tab CV97-10364\tab KING_COL\tab BEST
\par UT\tab 2:97-00596\tab CV97-11176\tab BENNET_D\tab KRAFT
\par UT\tab 2:97-00660\tab CV97-11321\tab ESPARZ_J\tab SMITHSON
\par UT\tab 2:97-00678\tab CV97-11372\tab DEBRY_RO\tab ALLGOOD
\par UT\tab 2:97-00693\tab CV97-11373\tab DEBRY_RO\tab CROZIER
\par UT\tab 2:97-00694\tab CV97-11374\tab DEBRY_RO\tab GUNN
\par UT\tab 2:97-00702\tab CV97-11427\tab DEBRY_RO\tab PARSONS ET AL.
\par UT\tab 2:97-00703\tab CV97-11428\tab BENNET_D\tab FACKRELL
\par UT\tab 2:97-00704\tab CV97-11429\tab BENNET_D\tab AIKEN
\par UT\tab 2:97-00734\tab CV97-11546\tab HYDE_NOE\tab NORTON
\par UT\tab 2:97-00811\tab CV97-12013\tab HIGHBE_T\tab GOWER
\par UT\tab 2:98-00066\tab CV98-12012\tab COLLAR_K\tab THOMAS
\par UT\tab 2:98-00067\tab CV98-12013\tab COLLAR_K\tab BAKER
\par UT\tab 2:98-00068\tab CV98-12014\tab COLLAR_K\tab JONES
\par UT\tab 2:98-00069\tab CV98-12015\tab COLLAR_K\tab CLARK
\par UT\tab 2:98-00070\tab CV98-12016\tab COLLAR_K\tab ROSKELLEY
\par UT\tab 2:98-00071\tab CV98-12017\tab COLLAR_K\tab CURRY
\par UT\tab 2:98-00266\tab CV98-12321\tab COLLAR_K\tab NYBERG
\par UT\tab 2:98-00649\tab CV99-10030\tab EPPERS_D\tab DAVID
\par VAE\tab 1:92-00971\tab CV92-10756\tab PHILL_JE\tab HERTEL
\par VAE\tab 1:97-01493\tab CV98-11598\tab ARCH_REB\tab SHAW
\par VAE\tab 1:97-01498\tab CV98-11599\tab ARCH_REB\tab DAVIS
\par VAE\tab 1:97-01725\tab CV98-11468\tab ARCH_REB\tab BORDEAUX
\par VAE\tab 1:97-01726\tab CV98-12322\tab ARCH_REB\tab ALLEN
\par VAE\tab 1:97-01792\tab CV98-11600\tab ARCH_REB\tab BIALAS
\par VAE\tab 1:97-01793\tab CV98-10228\tab ARCH_REB\tab BOHN
\par VAE\tab 1:97-01797\tab CV98-12060\tab ARCH_REB\tab GROFF
\par VAE\tab 1:97-01816\tab CV98-10229\tab ARCH_REB\tab LUCCI
\par VAE\tab 1:97-01817\tab CV98-11469\tab ARCH_REB\tab BARBER
\par VAE\tab 1:97-01822\tab CV98-11866\tab ARCH_REB\tab SOULEYRET
\par VAE\tab 1:97-01823\tab CV98-12061\tab ARCH_REB\tab RICHTER
\par VAE\tab 1:97-01824\tab CV98-12062\tab CIATTI_M\tab TRIJO
\par VAE\tab 1:97-01834\tab CV98-12063\tab ARCH_REB\tab FRICK
\par VAE\tab 1:97-01867\tab CV98-12064\tab ARCH_REB\tab ROONEY-PETERSEN
\par VAE\tab 1:97-01868\tab CV98-12065\tab ARCH_REB\tab GRAY
\par VAE\tab 1:97-01869\tab CV98-11867\tab ARCH_REB\tab DRIVE
\par VAE\tab 1:97-01870\tab CV98-12323\tab ARCH_REB\tab ARCHER
\par VAE\tab 1:97-01871\tab CV98-12066\tab ARCH_REB\tab CARTER
\par VAE\tab 1:97-01900\tab CV98-11470\tab ARCH_REB\tab MILLER
\par VAE\tab 1:97-01901\tab CV98-12266\tab ARCH_REB\tab NADANYI
\par \sect }\sectd \lndscpsxn\pgwsxn15840\pghsxn12240\marglsxn864\margrsxn864\margtsxn900\margbsxn864\sbknone\linex0\headery900\footery864\sectdefaultcl \pard\plain \qj\nowidctlpar
\tx-576\tx0\tx450\tx1656\tx2916\tx4086\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360\tx10800\tx11520\adjustright {\f2\fs16 VAE\tab 1:97-01902\tab CV98-12154\tab ARCH_REB\tab PARKS-CHUDIK
\par VAE\tab 1:97-01975\tab CV98-11868\tab ARCH_REB\tab SEAVEY
\par VAE\tab 1:97-01976\tab CV98-12067\tab ARCH_REB\tab METELSKI
\par VAE\tab 1:97-02020\tab CV98-11869\tab ARCH_REB\tab DETTRA
\par VAE\tab 1:97-02021\tab CV98-11967\tab ARCH_REB\tab INGRAM
\par VAE\tab 1:97-02022\tab CV98-12068\tab ALLEY_CH\tab DE CHILLAZ
\par VAE\tab 1:97-02023\tab CV98-11870\tab ARCH_REB\tab BROWDER
\par VAE\tab 1:97-02059\tab CV98-11968\tab ARCH_REB\tab ROBERTSON
\par VAE\tab 1:98-00004\tab CV98-12069\tab ARCH_REB\tab BUCUR
\par VAE\tab 1:98-00005\tab CV98-12070\tab ARCH_REB\tab PACKARD
\par VAE\tab 1:98-00008\tab CV98-11871\tab RITENO_J\tab PAYNE
\par VAE\tab 2:97-00660\tab CV97-11177\tab HAHN_BLA\tab BARNETT
\par VAE\tab 2:97-00838\tab CV97-11430\tab HAHN_BLA\tab MYERS
\par VAE\tab 2:98-00028\tab CV98-11720\tab HAHN_BLA\tab SAVIN
\par VAE\tab 3:97-00596\tab CV97-11179\tab BRICKE_S\tab LIGON
\par VAE\tab 3:97-00636\tab CV97-11322\tab HAHN_BLA\tab MCMANUS
\par VAE\tab 3:97-00693\tab CV97-11547\tab BRICKE_S\tab MILLER
\par VAE\tab 3:97-00697\tab CV97-11548\tab ARCH_REB\tab DAUGHTRY
\par VAE\tab 3:97-00821\tab CV98-11472\tab RYAN_KEV\tab POTTS
\par VAE\tab 3:97-00957\tab CV98-11473\tab BRICKE_S\tab MACHOLETH
\par VAE\tab 3:98-00009\tab CV98-11721\tab CHANDL_L\tab DIMARTINO
\par VAW\tab 1:96-00192\tab CV97-10113\tab TAT_MARY\tab FRITZ
\par VAW\tab 1:97-00009\tab CV97-10114\tab RYAN_KEV\tab BOWMAN
\par VAW\tab 1:97-00059\tab CV97-10553\tab TAT_MARY\tab MAXFIELD
\par VAW\tab 1:97-00072\tab CV97-10671\tab TAT_MARY\tab HICKS
\par VAW\tab 1:97-00075\tab CV97-10672\tab MCAFEE_C\tab ADKINS
\par VAW\tab 1:97-00078\tab CV97-10673\tab TAT_MARY\tab MATNEY
\par VAW\tab 1:97-00082\tab CV97-10812\tab TAT_MARY\tab LOVE
\par VAW\tab 1:97-00086\tab CV97-11180\tab MCAFEE_C\tab MCKEMY
\par VAW\tab 1:97-00124\tab CV97-11181\tab TAT_MARY\tab RINES
\par VAW\tab 1:97-00134\tab CV97-11549\tab MCAFEE_C\tab UMSTOTT
\par VAW\tab 1:97-00135\tab CV97-11550\tab MCAFEE_C\tab COLE
\par VAW\tab 1:97-00142\tab CV98-10230\tab MCAFEE_C\tab MCCROSKEY
\par VAW\tab 1:97-00164\tab CV98-11722\tab TAT_MARY\tab FORD
\par VAW\tab 1:98-00100\tab CV98-12229\tab TAT_MARY\tab HICKS
\par VAW\tab 2:96-00215\tab CV97-10046\tab MCAFEE_C\tab GILLENWATER
\par VAW\tab 2:96-00244\tab CV97-10048\tab MCAFEE_C\tab SPIVEY
\par VAW\tab 2:97-00007\tab CV97-10169\tab MCAFEE_C\tab DARRAH
\par VAW\tab 2:97-00011\tab CV97-10173\tab MCAFEE_C\tab SMITH
\par VAW\tab 2:97-00015\tab CV97-10177\tab MCAFEE_C\tab JEWELL
\par VAW\tab 2:97-00084\tab CV97-10453\tab MCAFEE_C\tab VASQUEZ-LOPEZ
\par VAW\tab 2:97-00085\tab CV97-10454\tab MCAFEE_C\tab WELLMAN
\par VAW\tab 2:97-00096\tab CV97-10455\tab MCAFEE_C\tab CRAFT
\par VAW\tab 2:97-00097\tab CV97-10554\tab MCAFEE_C\tab YACKER
\par VAW\tab 2:97-00098\tab CV97-10555\tab MCAFEE_C\tab FERRELL
\par VAW\tab 2:97-00099\tab CV97-10556\tab MCAFEE_C\tab KYKER
\par VAW\tab 2:97-00100\tab CV97-10557\tab MCAFEE_C\tab KIKER
\par VAW\tab 2:97-00101\tab CV97-10558\tab MCAFEE_C\tab GREENE
\par VAW\tab 2:97-00102\tab CV97-10559\tab MCAFEE_C\tab CLEEK
\par VAW\tab 2:97-00122\tab CV97-10674\tab MCAFEE_C\tab MCCRAY
\par \sect }\sectd \lndscpsxn\pgwsxn15840\pghsxn12240\marglsxn864\margrsxn864\margtsxn900\margbsxn864\sbknone\linex0\headery900\footery864\sectdefaultcl \pard\plain \qj\nowidctlpar
\tx-576\tx0\tx450\tx1656\tx2916\tx4086\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360\tx10800\tx11520\adjustright {\f2\fs16 VAW\tab 2:97-00123\tab CV97-10675\tab MCAFEE_C\tab LIGHT
\par VAW\tab 2:97-00124\tab CV97-10676\tab MCAFEE_C\tab MILLER
\par VAW\tab 2:97-00125\tab CV97-10677\tab MCAFEE_C\tab BATEMAN
\par VAW\tab 2:97-00126\tab CV97-10678\tab MCAFEE_C\tab SMITH
\par VAW\tab 2:97-00127\tab CV97-10679\tab MCAFEE_C\tab MILLER
\par VAW\tab 2:97-00128\tab CV97-10680\tab MCAFEE_C\tab FUGATE-MOORE
\par VAW\tab 2:97-00134\tab CV97-10682\tab MCAFEE_C\tab COLON
\par VAW\tab 2:97-00135\tab CV97-10683\tab MCAFEE_C\tab MARTINEZ
\par VAW\tab 2:97-00136\tab CV97-10684\tab MCAFEE_C\tab SHEPHARD
\par VAW\tab 2:97-00137\tab CV97-10685\tab MCAFEE_C\tab COOLEY
\par VAW\tab 2:97-00138\tab CV97-10686\tab MCAFEE_C\tab VEGA-RODRIGUEZ
\par VAW\tab 2:97-00139\tab CV97-10687\tab MCAFEE_C\tab TORRES
\par VAW\tab 2:97-00140\tab CV97-10688\tab MCAFEE_C\tab CONCEPCION
\par VAW\tab 2:97-00141\tab CV97-10689\tab MCAFEE_C\tab PERKINS
\par VAW\tab 2:97-00142\tab CV97-10690\tab MCAFEE_C\tab SARGENT
\par VAW\tab 2:97-00143\tab CV97-10691\tab MCAFEE_C\tab DALTON
\par VAW\tab 2:97-00144\tab CV97-10692\tab MCAFEE_C\tab FELIZ
\par VAW\tab 2:97-00145\tab CV97-10693\tab MCAFEE_C\tab MORELOCK
\par VAW\tab 2:97-00146\tab CV97-10694\tab MCAFEE_C\tab FARRAIT
\par VAW\tab 2:97-00147\tab CV97-10695\tab MCAFEE_C\tab BASORA-MARTINEZ
\par VAW\tab 2:97-00148\tab CV97-10696\tab MCAFEE_C\tab CALANDROS
\par VAW\tab 2:97-00165\tab CV97-10814\tab MCAFEE_C\tab POLLY
\par VAW\tab 2:97-00166\tab CV97-10815\tab MCAFEE_C\tab BOOTHE
\par VAW\tab 2:97-00167\tab CV97-10816\tab MCAFEE_C\tab COX
\par VAW\tab 2:97-00215\tab CV97-11324\tab MCAFEE_C\tab ISENBERG
\par VAW\tab 2:97-00216\tab CV97-11325\tab MCAFEE_C\tab GREENE
\par VAW\tab 2:97-00217\tab CV97-11326\tab MCAFEE_C\tab BARROS
\par VAW\tab 2:97-00218\tab CV97-11327\tab MCAFEE_C\tab BROWN
\par VAW\tab 2:97-00225\tab CV97-11329\tab MCAFEE_C\tab STARNES
\par VAW\tab 2:97-00226\tab CV97-11330\tab MCAFEE_C\tab FOURNIER
\par VAW\tab 2:97-00253\tab CV97-12014\tab MCAFEE_C\tab VAZQUEZ-SANTIAGO
\par VAW\tab 2:97-00254\tab CV97-12015\tab MCAFEE_C\tab HARTGROVE
\par VAW\tab 2:97-00255\tab CV97-12016\tab MCAFEE_C\tab RENFRO
\par VAW\tab 2:97-00256\tab CV97-12017\tab MCAFEE_C\tab COLON-CRUZ
\par VAW\tab 2:97-00257\tab CV97-12018\tab MCAFEE_C\tab NERI
\par VAW\tab 2:97-00258\tab CV97-12019\tab MCAFEE_C\tab SOWARDS
\par VAW\tab 2:97-00259\tab CV97-12020\tab MCAFEE_C\tab RICCI
\par VAW\tab 2:97-00260\tab CV97-12021\tab MCAFEE_C\tab WENDLE
\par VAW\tab 2:97-00261\tab CV97-12022\tab MCAFEE_C\tab SMITH
\par VAW\tab 2:97-00262\tab CV97-12023\tab MCAFEE_C\tab CANTELLOPS
\par VAW\tab 2:98-00071\tab CV98-12177\tab MCAFEE_C\tab GROGG
\par VAW\tab 2:98-00072\tab CV98-12178\tab MCAFEE_C\tab BERLINGER
\par VAW\tab 2:98-00073\tab CV98-12179\tab MCAFEE_C\tab ROSADO-RIVERS
\par VAW\tab 2:98-00074\tab CV98-12180\tab MCAFEE_C\tab VALLS
\par VAW\tab 2:98-00075\tab CV98-12181\tab MCAFEE_C\tab HERRON
\par VAW\tab 2:98-00076\tab CV98-12182\tab MCAFEE_C\tab SMITH
\par VAW\tab 2:98-00077\tab CV98-12183\tab MCAFEE_C\tab WRIGHT
\par VAW\tab 2:98-00078\tab CV98-12184\tab MCAFEE_C\tab MORRISON
\par VAW\tab 2:98-00079\tab CV98-12185\tab MCAFEE_C\tab JENOURI-GOLDMAN
\par VAW\tab 2:98-00080\tab CV98-12186\tab MCAFEE_C\tab JENNINGS
\par \sect }\sectd \lndscpsxn\pgwsxn15840\pghsxn12240\marglsxn864\margrsxn864\margtsxn900\margbsxn864\sbknone\linex0\headery900\footery864\sectdefaultcl \pard\plain \qj\nowidctlpar
\tx-576\tx0\tx450\tx1656\tx2916\tx4086\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360\tx10800\tx11520\adjustright {\f2\fs16 VAW\tab 2:98-00100\tab CV98-12267\tab MCAFEE_C\tab FLANARY
\par VAW\tab 2:98-00184\tab CV98-12362\tab MCAFEE_C\tab NEGRON
\par VAW\tab 3:96-00110\tab CV97-10049\tab BARNE_MA\tab SINGLETARY
\par VAW\tab 3:97-00123\tab CV98-11474\tab HAHN_BLA\tab HUDSON
\par VAW\tab 3:97-00151\tab CV98-11601\tab CHANDL_L\tab FRANK
\par VAW\tab 3:98-00027\tab CV98-11969\tab CHANDL_L\tab HORTON
\par VAW\tab 3:98-00030\tab CV98-12071\tab CHANDL_L\tab CAPET
\par VAW\tab 3:98-00031\tab CV98-12072\tab CHANDL_L\tab EMERT
\par VAW\tab 6:97-00073\tab CV97-12289\tab RYAN_KEV\tab COVINGTON
\par VAW\tab 7:97-00300\tab CV97-10697\tab MCAFEE_C\tab FRENCH
\par VAW\tab 7:97-00596\tab CV97-11375\tab HAHN_BLA\tab HUNTER
\par VAW\tab 7:97-00597\tab CV97-11376\tab HAHN_BLA\tab COOK
\par VI\tab 1:94-00121\tab CV94-14585\tab ROHN_LEE\tab KAPUSHY
\par VI\tab 3:97-00179\tab CV98-10231\tab WALKE_SA\tab MINDEY
\par VI\tab 3:97-00180\tab CV98-11602\tab D'AMOU_K\tab GASSETT
\par VI\tab 3:97-00210\tab CV98-10232\tab D'AMOU_K\tab RAMIREZ
\par VT\tab 2:97-00307\tab CV98-12363\tab ONEIL_JE\tab BARBER
\par WAE\tab 2:94-00114\tab CV94-12655\tab HOUSE_KR\tab HALVERSON
\par WAE\tab 2:94-00216\tab CV94-13904\tab KNOPP_MA\tab ALLERT
\par WAE\tab 2:97-00286\tab CV97-11207\tab HAHN_BLA\tab GOOD
\par WAE\tab 2:97-00287\tab CV97-11208\tab HAHN_BLA\tab MCDONALD
\par WAE\tab 2:97-00288\tab CV97-11209\tab HAHN_BLA\tab DAVIS
\par WAE\tab 2:97-00289\tab CV97-11210\tab HAHN_BLA\tab BERGE
\par WAE\tab 2:97-00297\tab CV97-11211\tab HAHN_BLA\tab KNUDSON
\par WAE\tab 2:97-00341\tab CV97-11555\tab HAHN_BLA\tab SCHIMPF
\par WAE\tab 2:97-00342\tab CV97-11556\tab HAHN_BLA\tab CHRISMAN
\par WAE\tab 2:97-00343\tab CV97-11557\tab HAHN_BLA\tab WHITTAKER
\par WAE\tab 2:97-00441\tab CV97-12392\tab PITTLE_R\tab MOON
\par WAE\tab 2:97-00442\tab CV97-12393\tab PITTLE_R\tab MONTAGUE
\par WAE\tab 2:97-00443\tab CV98-10233\tab PITTLE_R\tab SEIGLE
\par WAE\tab 2:97-00444\tab CV97-12394\tab PITTLE_R\tab GUSA
\par WAE\tab 2:97-00445\tab CV97-12395\tab PITTLE_R\tab GOODIN
\par WAE\tab 2:97-00446\tab CV97-12396\tab PITTLE_R\tab TEE
\par WAE\tab 2:97-00448\tab CV98-11476\tab PITTLE_R\tab SNEAD
\par WAE\tab 2:97-00449\tab CV98-11477\tab HAHN_BLA\tab JOHNSTONE
\par WAE\tab 2:97-00464\tab CV98-11872\tab HOUSE_KR\tab CHISSUS
\par WAE\tab 2:97-03075\tab CV97-11432\tab HAHN_BLA\tab BROWN
\par WAW\tab 2:92-01169\tab CV92-10667\tab HOUSE_KR\tab ROE
\par WAW\tab 2:92-01681\tab CV92-11276\tab WHELAN_P\tab FITCHLEE
\par WAW\tab 2:93-01660\tab CV94-10242\tab HOUSE_KR\tab HARRIS
\par WAW\tab 2:93-01706\tab CV94-10566\tab HOUSE_KR\tab CLARK
\par WAW\tab 2:94-00078\tab CV94-11093\tab ROYER_SI\tab HAGGLUND
\par WAW\tab 2:94-00920\tab CV94-13906\tab KNOPP_MA\tab COE
\par WAW\tab 2:97-00169\tab CV97-10281\tab PITTLE_R\tab LANCASTER
\par WAW\tab 2:97-01373\tab CV97-11377\tab HAHN_BLA\tab KUHNS
\par WAW\tab 2:97-01374\tab CV97-11433\tab PITTLE_R\tab BARKER
\par WAW\tab 2:97-01376\tab CV97-11378\tab PITTLE_R\tab BELGRAVE
\par WAW\tab 2:97-01377\tab CV97-11379\tab PITTLE_R\tab DEBOER
\par WAW\tab 2:97-01423\tab CV97-11558\tab PITTLE_R\tab TORRES
\par WAW\tab 2:97-01424\tab CV97-11559\tab PITTLE_R\tab FARQYHAR
\par \sect }\sectd \lndscpsxn\pgwsxn15840\pghsxn12240\marglsxn864\margrsxn864\margtsxn900\margbsxn864\sbknone\linex0\headery900\footery864\sectdefaultcl \pard\plain \qj\nowidctlpar
\tx-576\tx0\tx450\tx1656\tx2916\tx4086\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360\tx10800\tx11520\adjustright {\f2\fs16 WAW\tab 2:97-01753\tab CV98-10235\tab PITTLE_R\tab HUNTLEY
\par WAW\tab 2:97-01755\tab CV98-10236\tab PITTLE_R\tab ABADILLA
\par WAW\tab 2:97-01759\tab CV97-12398\tab HAHN_BLA\tab HALL
\par WAW\tab 2:98-00038\tab CV98-11724\tab PITTLE_R\tab HAMILTON
\par WAW\tab 2:98-00083\tab CV98-11726\tab PITTLE_R\tab ENGLISH
\par WAW\tab 3:94-05046\tab CV94-11551\tab WHELAN_P\tab HELGEON
\par WAW\tab 3:94-05212\tab CV94-12964\tab WHELAN_P\tab DIPPOLD
\par WAW\tab 3:94-05213\tab CV94-12965\tab WHELAN_P\tab HENSON
\par WAW\tab 3:95-05284\tab CV95-10208\tab HOUSE_KR\tab ROE
\par WAW\tab 3:97-05439\tab CV97-11213\tab PITTLE_R\tab PHILLIPS
\par WAW\tab 3:97-05532\tab CV97-11332\tab PITTLE_R\tab GIPSON
\par WAW\tab 3:97-05689\tab CV98-10240\tab PITTLE_R\tab BURTON
\par WAW\tab 3:97-05690\tab CV97-12399\tab PITTLE_R\tab GATER
\par WAW\tab 3:97-05691\tab CV98-10241\tab PITTLE_R\tab KARBO
\par WAW\tab 3:98-05032\tab CV98-11727\tab HOUSE_KR\tab ROWTON
\par WAW\tab 3:98-05033\tab CV98-11728\tab HOUSE_KR\tab CLEVENBURG
\par WAW\tab 3:98-05034\tab CV98-11729\tab HOUSE_KR\tab CHRISTIANSEN
\par WAW\tab 3:98-05040\tab CV98-11730\tab PITTLE_R\tab KISTLE-MICHALSKI
\par WAW\tab 3:98-05295\tab CV98-12232\tab TROUTW_G\tab DELEPINE
\par WAW\tab 3:98-05513\tab CV98-12364\tab HOUSE_KR\tab GARCIA-DUFFY
\par WIW\tab 3:97-00598\tab CV97-11749\tab CONNEL_W\tab SLOAN
\par WIW\tab 3:97-00635\tab CV98-10242\tab HUTTON_M\tab JENSEN
\par WIW\tab 3:97-00769\tab CV98-11970\tab GOLDSE_R\tab SIMON
\par WIW\tab 3:98-00409\tab CV98-12233\tab DAVEY_BR\tab JAEGER
\par WVS\tab 2:93-01262\tab CV94-12359\tab BUCCI_GU\tab MYERS
\par WVS\tab 2:94-00004\tab CV94-12117\tab BUCCI_GU\tab SHIFLETT
\par WVS\tab 2:94-01105\tab CV95-10063\tab ODELL_CY\tab CURNUTTE
\par WVS\tab 2:95-00030\tab CV95-10095\tab ODELL_CY\tab FOX
\par WVS\tab 2:95-00620\tab CV95-19441\tab BUCCI_GU\tab RICH
\par WVS\tab 2:95-00645\tab CV95-19011\tab BUCCI_GU\tab JOHNSON
\par WVS\tab 2:95-00655\tab CV95-19021\tab BUCCI_GU\tab BUNCH
\par WVS\tab 2:95-00706\tab CV95-19037\tab ROWELL_A\tab WOODS
\par WVS\tab 2:95-00707\tab CV95-19038\tab BUCCI_GU\tab COLLINS
\par WVS\tab 2:95-00708\tab CV95-19039\tab ROWELL_A\tab LAWHUN
\par WVS\tab 2:95-00709\tab CV95-19040\tab ROWELL_A\tab MARTIN
\par WVS\tab 2:97-00061\tab CV97-10369\tab BUCCI_GU\tab ADAMS
\par WVS\tab 2:97-00803\tab CV97-11333\tab POWELL_J\tab LINENMUTH
\par WVS\tab 2:97-00825\tab CV97-11335\tab CLINE_LI\tab BARGELOH
\par WVS\tab 2:97-00826\tab CV97-11336\tab CLINE_LI\tab DEEM
\par WVS\tab 2:97-00827\tab CV97-11337\tab CLINE_LI\tab SEILER
\par WVS\tab 2:97-00828\tab CV97-11338\tab CLINE_LI\tab CRUSH
\par WVS\tab 2:97-00856\tab CV98-11971\tab HAHN_BLA\tab SYAR
\par WVS\tab 2:97-00930\tab CV97-12401\tab SHINAB_S\tab YOUNG
\par WVS\tab 2:97-00931\tab CV97-12402\tab SHINAB_S\tab PFOST
\par WVS\tab 2:97-00963\tab CV97-12031\tab POWELL_J\tab DIAMOND
\par WVS\tab 2:97-01011\tab CV97-12032\tab NEWTON_C\tab SUNDERLAND
\par WVS\tab 2:97-01013\tab CV98-10243\tab SHINAB_S\tab MITCHELL
\par WVS\tab 2:97-01014\tab CV98-10244\tab SHINAB_S\tab FOSTER
\par WVS\tab 2:97-01032\tab CV97-12291\tab HAHN_BLA\tab MULLENS
\par WVS\tab 2:97-01033\tab CV97-12292\tab HAHN_BLA\tab SKAGGS
\par \sect }\sectd \lndscpsxn\pgwsxn15840\pghsxn12240\marglsxn864\margrsxn864\margtsxn900\margbsxn864\sbknone\linex0\headery900\footery864\sectdefaultcl \pard\plain \qj\nowidctlpar
\tx-576\tx0\tx450\tx1656\tx2916\tx4086\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360\tx10800\tx11520\adjustright {\f2\fs16 WVS\tab 2:97-01034\tab CV97-12293\tab HAHN_BLA\tab ATKINSON
\par WVS\tab 2:97-01035\tab CV97-12294\tab HAHN_BLA\tab LEDFORD
\par WVS\tab 2:97-01036\tab CV97-12295\tab HAHN_BLA\tab RYAN
\par WVS\tab 2:97-01037\tab CV97-12296\tab HAHN_BLA\tab MCNALLY
\par WVS\tab 2:97-01040\tab CV97-12297\tab WILL_SAN\tab COLLINS
\par WVS\tab 2:97-01041\tab CV97-12298\tab HAHN_BLA\tab JACKSON
\par WVS\tab 2:97-01042\tab CV97-12299\tab WILL_SAN\tab DOTSON
\par WVS\tab 2:97-01044\tab CV97-12300\tab CLINE_LI\tab MYERS
\par WVS\tab 2:97-01048\tab CV98-10245\tab SHINAB_S\tab VEALEY
\par WVS\tab 2:97-01095\tab CV97-12403\tab HAHN_BLA\tab MOORE
\par WVS\tab 2:97-01096\tab CV97-12404\tab HAHN_BLA\tab CAMPBELL
\par WVS\tab 2:97-01097\tab CV97-12405\tab HAHN_BLA\tab SMITH
\par WVS\tab 2:97-01098\tab CV97-12406\tab HAHN_BLA\tab BRACKEN
\par WVS\tab 2:97-01099\tab CV97-12407\tab HAHN_BLA\tab TRENT
\par WVS\tab 2:97-01111\tab CV98-12365\tab AITCHE_R\tab CUNDIFF
\par WVS\tab 2:97-01138\tab CV98-11478\tab POWELL_J\tab JONES
\par WVS\tab 2:98-00023\tab CV98-11731\tab POWELL_J\tab ATKINSON
\par WVS\tab 2:98-00024\tab CV98-11732\tab POWELL_J\tab WITTHOHN-PERRY
\par WVS\tab 2:98-00025\tab CV98-11733\tab POWELL_J\tab INMAN
\par WVS\tab 2:98-00031\tab CV98-11734\tab POWELL_J\tab EATON
\par WVS\tab 2:98-00071\tab CV98-11972\tab POWELL_J\tab EASTER
\par WVS\tab 2:98-00186\tab CV98-11973\tab HAHN_BLA\tab CARR
\par WVS\tab 2:98-00460\tab CV98-12234\tab POWELL_J\tab SANTMYER
\par WVS\tab 2:98-00461\tab CV98-12235\tab POWELL_J\tab WITTHOHN
\par WVS\tab 2:98-00468\tab CV98-12236\tab POWELL_J\tab HEDRICK
\par WVS\tab 2:98-00469\tab CV98-12237\tab POWELL_J\tab HALE
\par WVS\tab 2:98-00470\tab CV98-12238\tab POWELL_J\tab WITTHOHN
\par WVS\tab 2:98-00471\tab CV98-12239\tab POWELL_J\tab DUNBAR
\par WVS\tab 2:98-00472\tab CV98-12240\tab POWELL_J\tab FOSTER
\par WVS\tab 2:98-00473\tab CV98-12241\tab POWELL_J\tab PAINTER
\par WVS\tab 2:98-00474\tab CV98-12242\tab POWELL_J\tab CROOK
\par WVS\tab 2:98-00475\tab CV98-12243\tab POWELL_J\tab CANTRELL
\par WVS\tab 3:94-00014\tab CV94-10890\tab BUCCI_GU\tab JONES
\par WVS\tab 6:97-01081\tab CV97-12408\tab WILSON_T\tab JONES
\par }} 3

8;
