{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1250\uc1 \deff27\deflang1029\deflangfe1029{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset238\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f1\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}
{\f2\fmodern\fcharset238\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}{\f23\froman\fcharset128\fprq1{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}MS Mincho{\*\falt MS ??};}{\f27\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Verdana;}
{\f28\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Tahoma;}{\f29\froman\fcharset128\fprq1{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}@MS Mincho;}{\f40\froman\fcharset0\fprq2 Times New Roman;}{\f39\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\f41\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f42\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f43\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f44\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\f45\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f48\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 Arial;}{\f47\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}{\f49\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f50\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}
{\f51\fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}{\f52\fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}{\f53\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}{\f56\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1 Courier New;}{\f55\fmodern\fcharset204\fprq1 Courier New Cyr;}
{\f57\fmodern\fcharset161\fprq1 Courier New Greek;}{\f58\fmodern\fcharset162\fprq1 Courier New Tur;}{\f59\fmodern\fcharset177\fprq1 Courier New (Hebrew);}{\f60\fmodern\fcharset178\fprq1 Courier New (Arabic);}
{\f61\fmodern\fcharset186\fprq1 Courier New Baltic;}{\f256\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 Verdana;}{\f255\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Verdana Cyr;}{\f257\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Verdana Greek;}{\f258\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Verdana Tur;}
{\f261\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Verdana Baltic;}{\f264\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 Tahoma;}{\f263\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Tahoma Cyr;}{\f265\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Tahoma Greek;}{\f266\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Tahoma Tur;}
{\f267\fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Tahoma (Hebrew);}{\f268\fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Tahoma (Arabic);}{\f269\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Tahoma Baltic;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;
\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f27\fs20\lang1029\langfe1029\cgrid\langnp1029\langfenp1029 \snext0 Normal;}{
\s2\ql \li0\ri0\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\i\f1\fs22\lang1029\langfe1029\cgrid\langnp1029\langfenp1029 \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 2;}{
\s3\ql \li0\ri0\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\f1\fs26\lang1029\langfe1029\cgrid\langnp1029\langfenp1029 \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 3;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}{
\s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f2\fs20\lang1029\langfe1029\cgrid\langnp1029\langfenp1029 \sbasedon0 \snext15 Plain Text;}{\s16\ql \li0\ri0\sl336\slmult0
\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f28\fs17\lang1029\langfe1029\cgrid\langnp1029\langfenp1029 \sbasedon0 \snext16 Normal (Web);}}{\info{\title LICEN\'c8N\'cd SMLOUVA S KONCOV\'ddM U\'8eIVATELEM APLIKACE PHOTOMERGE}
{\author Kirth}{\operator Kirth}{\creatim\yr2004\mo10\dy26\hr12\min2}{\revtim\yr2005\mo12\dy29\hr11\min15}{\version5}{\edmins5}{\nofpages2}{\nofwords1017}{\nofchars5797}{\*\company Kaucuk}{\nofcharsws7119}{\vern8203}}
\paperw11906\paperh16838\margl1153\margr1153\margt1417\margb1417 \deftab708\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\hyphhotz425\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\hyphcaps0\formshade\horzdoc\dghspace180\dgvspace180\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984
\dghshow0\dgvshow0\jexpand\viewkind4\viewscale100\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\bdrrlswsix\nolnhtadjtbl \fet0\sectd \linex0\headery708\footery708\colsx708\endnhere\sectdefaultcl {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2
\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \s3\ql \li0\ri0\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\outlinelevel2\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\f1\fs26\lang1029\langfe1029\cgrid\langnp1029\langfenp1029 {\dbch\af23 \hich\af1\dbch\af23\loch\f1 
Freeware License Agreement 
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f27\fs20\lang1029\langfe1029\cgrid\langnp1029\langfenp1029 {\dbch\af23 
\par 
\par \hich\af27\dbch\af23\loch\f27 1. }{\dbch\af23 \hich\af27\dbch\af23\loch\f27 Pavel Kirth}{\dbch\af23 \hich\af27\dbch\af23\loch\f27 
 grants Licensee a non-exclusive and non-transferable license to use for personal or internal business purposes the executable code version of }{\dbch\af23 \hich\af27\dbch\af23\loch\f27 EXIFeditor}{\dbch\af23 \hich\af27\dbch\af23\loch\f27 
. This license does not entitle Licensee to rec\hich\af27\dbch\af23\loch\f27 eive from }{\dbch\af23 \hich\af27\dbch\af23\loch\f27 Pavel Kirth}{\dbch\af23 \hich\af27\dbch\af23\loch\f27 
 hard-copy documentation, technical support, telephone assistance, or enhancements or updates to the Product. If more than one license agreement was provided for the Product, and the terms vary, the order of precedence of tho\hich\af27\dbch\af23\loch\f27 
se license agreements is as follows: a signed agreement, a license agreement available for review on the }{\dbch\af23 \hich\af27\dbch\af23\loch\f27 Pavel Kirth}{\dbch\af23 \hich\af27\dbch\af23\loch\f27 
 website, a printed or electronic agreement that states clearly that it supersedes other agreements, a printed agreement provided \hich\af27\dbch\af23\loch\f27 with the Product, an electronic agreement provided with the Product. }{\dbch\af23 
\hich\af27\dbch\af23\loch\f27 Pavel Kirth}{\dbch\af23 \hich\af27\dbch\af23\loch\f27  may terminate this Agreement at any time, for any reason or no reason. }{\dbch\af23 \hich\af27\dbch\af23\loch\f27 Pavel Kirth}{\dbch\af23 \hich\af27\dbch\af23\loch\f27 
 may also terminate this Agreement if Licensee breaches any of its terms \hich\af27\dbch\af23\loch\f27 and conditions. Upon termination, Licensee shall destroy all copies of the Product.
\par 
\par \hich\af27\dbch\af23\loch\f27 2. Restrictions. Without }{\dbch\af23 \hich\af27\dbch\af23\loch\f27 Pavel Kirth}{\dbch\af23 \hich\af27\dbch\af23\loch\f27 
 prior written consent, Licensee may not: (i) modify or create any derivative works of the Product or documentation, includin\hich\af27\dbch\af23\loch\f27 
g customization, translation or localization; (ii) decompile, disassemble, reverse engineer, or otherwise attempt to derive the source code for the Product (except to the extent applicable laws specifically prohibit such restriction); (iii) redistribute, 
\hich\af27\dbch\af23\loch\f27 e\hich\af27\dbch\af23\loch\f27 
ncumber, sell, rent, lease, sublicense, or otherwise transfer rights to the Product; (iv) remove or alter any trademark, logo, copyright or other proprietary notices, legends, symbols or labels in the Product; or (v) publish any results of benchmark tests
\hich\af27\dbch\af23\loch\f27  \hich\af27\dbch\af23\loch\f27 run on the Product to a third party. No derivative works may link to any of }{\dbch\af23 \hich\af27\dbch\af23\loch\f27 Pavel Kirth}{\dbch\af23 \hich\af27\dbch\af23\loch\f27 
's dynamic link libraries (DLLs) unless those works are themselves dynamic link libraries (DLL's) launched by }{\dbch\af23 \hich\af27\dbch\af23\loch\f27 Pavel Kirth}{\dbch\af23 \hich\af27\dbch\af23\loch\f27 's }{\dbch\af23 \hich\af27\dbch\af23\loch\f27 
EXIFeditor}{\dbch\af23 \hich\af27\dbch\af23\loch\f27 .EXE or }{\dbch\af23 \hich\af27\dbch\af23\loch\f27 EXIFeditor}{\dbch\af23 \hich\af27\dbch\af23\loch\f27 .EXE as provided with the }{\dbch\af23 \hich\af27\dbch\af23\loch\f27 EXIFeditor}{\dbch\af23 
\hich\af27\dbch\af23\loch\f27  install. It is illegal to distribute or provide }{\dbch\af23 \hich\af27\dbch\af23\loch\f27 EXIFeditor\hich\af27\dbch\af23\loch\f27 .EXE }{\dbch\af23 \hich\af27\dbch\af23\loch\f27 or any of the }{\dbch\af23 
\hich\af27\dbch\af23\loch\f27 EXIFeditor}{\dbch\af23 \hich\af27\dbch\af23\loch\f27  executables or dynamic link libraries (DLL's) without express written consent from }{\dbch\af23 \hich\af27\dbch\af23\loch\f27 Pavel Kirth}{\dbch\af23 
\hich\af27\dbch\af23\loch\f27 .
\par 
\par \hich\af27\dbch\af23\loch\f27 3.\hich\af27\dbch\af23\loch\f27 
 Fees. There is no license fee for the Product. If Licensee wishes to receive the Product on media, there may be a small charge for the media and for shipping and handling. Licensee is responsible for any and all taxes.
\par 
\par \hich\af27\dbch\af23\loch\f27 4. Proprietary Rights. Title, owner\hich\af27\dbch\af23\loch\f27 ship rights, and intellectual property rights in the Product shall remain in }{\dbch\af23 \hich\af27\dbch\af23\loch\f27 Pavel Kirth}{\dbch\af23 
\hich\af27\dbch\af23\loch\f27 . The Product is protected by copyright and other intellectual property laws and by international treaties.
\par 
\par \hich\af27\dbch\af23\loch\f27 5. Disclaimer of Warranty. THE PRODUCT IS PROVIDE\hich\af27\dbch\af23\loch\f27 
D FREE OF CHARGE, AND, THEREFORE, ON AN "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION THE WARRANTIES THAT IT IS FREE OF DEFECTS, VIRUS FREE, ABLE TO OPERATE ON AN UNINTERRUPTED BASIS, MERCHANTABLE, FIT FOR A
\hich\af27\dbch\af23\loch\f27  \hich\af27\dbch\af23\loch\f27 PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR NON-INFRINGING. THIS DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY CONSTITUTES AN ESSENTIAL PART OF THIS AGREEMENT. NO USE OF THE PRODUCT IS AUTHORIZED HEREUNDER EXCEPT UNDER THIS DISCLAIMER.

\par 
\par \hich\af27\dbch\af23\loch\f27 6. Limitation of Liability. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY A\hich\af27\dbch\af23\loch\f27 PPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT WILL }{\dbch\af23 \hich\af27\dbch\af23\loch\f27 Pavel Kirth}{\dbch\af23 \hich\af27\dbch\af23\loch\f27 
 OR ITS AFFILIATES OR SUPPLIERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE PRODUCT, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES \hich\af27\dbch\af23\loch\f27 
FOR LOST PROFITS, LOSS OF GOODWILL, WORK STOPPAGE, COMPUTER FAILURE OR MALFUNCTION, OR ANY AND ALL OTHER COMMERCIAL DAMAGES OR LOSSES, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY THEREOF, AND REGARDLESS OF THE LEGAL OR EQUITABLE THEORY (CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE
\hich\af27\dbch\af23\loch\f27 )\hich\af27\dbch\af23\loch\f27  UPON WHICH THE CLAIM IS BASED. IN ANY CASE, }{\dbch\af23 \hich\af27\dbch\af23\loch\f27 Pavel Kirth}{\dbch\af23 \hich\af27\dbch\af23\loch\f27 
 COLLECTIVE LIABILITY UNDER ANY PROVISION OF THIS AGREEMENT SHALL NOT EXCEED IN THE AGGREGATE THE SUM OF THE FEES LICENSEE PAID FOR THIS LICENSE (IF ANY). SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE\hich\af27\dbch\af23\loch\f27 
 EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR SPECIAL DAMAGES, SO THIS EXCLUSION AND LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
\par 
\par }{\dbch\af23 \hich\af27\dbch\af23\loch\f27 7}{\dbch\af23 \hich\af27\dbch\af23\loch\f27 . Licensee Outside the U.S. If Licensee is located outside the U.S., then the provisions of this Section \hich\af27\dbch\af23\loch\f27 
shall apply. Les parties aux presentes confirment leur volonte que cette convention de meme que tous les documents y compris tout avis qui s'y rattache, soient rediges en langue anglaise. (translation: "The parties confirm that this Agreement and all rela
\hich\af27\dbch\af23\loch\f27 t\hich\af27\dbch\af23\loch\f27 ed documentation is and will be in the English language.")
\par }{\dbch\af23 
\par }} cl8csé4

b0
æ1