{\rtf1\ansi\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f1\fswiss\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}{\f2\fswiss\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0606020202030204}Arial Narrow;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}{\stylesheet{\fs24 \snext0 Normal;}} \pard\plain \margl1440\margr1440 {\footer \pard\plain \tqr\tx9360 \fs20 {\tab Page }{\field{\*\fldinst PAGE}{\fldrslt 1}}{\par }}\ltrpar \sectd \ltrsect\psz1\linex2949\headery864\endnhere\titlepg\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj\sftnrestart {\headerr \ltrpar \pard\plain \ltrpar\qr Vita for Stephen D McDowell\par }{\headerf \ltrpar \pard\plain \ltrpar\qr \par }{\pard \qc\keepn {\b\fs28 Curriculum Vitae}\par }{\fs8 \pard \keepn \par }{\pard \qc\keepn {\b\fs28 Stephen D McDowell}\par }{\fs8 \pard \keepn \par }{\pard \qc\keepn April 03, 2016\par }{\fs8 \pard \keepn \par }\pard \keepn \par {\pard \qc\keepn {\b General Information}\par }\pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-2160\li2160\tx2160 University address:\tab School of Communication\line College of Communication and Information\line University Center Building C3100\line Florida State University\line Tallahassee, Florida 32306-2664\line \par \pard \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-2160\li2160\tx2160 E-mail address:\tab steve.mcdowell@cci.fsu.edu\par \pard \pard \keepn \par \pard \par \pard \keepn {\b Professional Preparation}\par \pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-1800\li1800\tx1800 1988\tab Doctor of Philosophy, York University. Major: Political Science. International Relations, Political Theory. Supervisor: David Leyton-Brown. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\fi-720\li2520 Stephen D. McDowell. (1988). {\i "Hegemony and International Organizations: A History of Transborder Data Flow Research Programs."}. Unpublished doctoral dissertation, York University. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-1800\li1800\tx1800 1983\tab Master's, Queen's University at Kingston. Major: Political Studies. Supervisor: Charles Pentland. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\fi-720\li2520 Stephen D. McDowell. (1983). {\i "Game Theory and the Analysis of International Crisis."}. Master's project, Queen's University at Kingston. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-1800\li1800\tx1800 1982\tab Bachelor's, University of Waterloo. Major: Political Science and Economic. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-1800\li1800\tx1800 1979\tab Coursework, Goshen College, Goshen Indiana. Major: Liberal Studies. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \par \pard \keepn {\b Nondegree Education and Training}\par \pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-1800\li1800\tx1800 1994\u8211?1995\tab Congressional Fellow, American Political Science Association, United States Congress, Washington, D.C., United States. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-1800\li1800\tx1800 1989\u8211?1990\tab Post-Doctoral Fellowship with the Shastri Indo-Canadian Institute. Research affiliation with the School of International Studies, Jawaharlal Nehru University, and the Indian Institute of Foreign Trade, in New Delhi, India. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-1800\li1800\tx1800 1987\u8211?1989\tab Post-Doctoral Research Fellowship, Visiting Researcher in the Strategic Policy Planning Division, Federal Department of Communication, Government of Canada (National Sciences and Engineering Research Council of Canada). \par \pard \pard \par \pard \par \pard \keepn {\b Professional Experience}\par \pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-1800\li1800\tx1800 2009\u8211?present\tab Director, School of Communication, Florida State University. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-1800\li1800\tx1800 1996\u8211?present\tab Professor, Communication, Florida State University. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-1800\li1800\tx1800 2002\u8211?2009\tab Chair, Department of Communication, Florida State University. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \par \pard \keepn {\b Visiting Professorship(s)}\par \pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-1800\li1800\tx1800 1995\u8211?1996\tab Visiting Assistant Professor, Department of Telecommunication, Michigan State University, East Lansing, Michigan. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-1800\li1800\tx1800 1992\u8211?1993\tab Assistant Professor (Term Appointment), School of Journalism and Communication, Carleton University, Ottawa, Canada. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \par \pard \keepn {\b Honors, Awards, and Prizes}\par \pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\fi-720\li720 Arts in Academics Award, Faculty of Arts and Science (2010). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Outstanding Service Award, Division of Student Affairs, Student Rights and Responsibilities (2010). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Teacher of the Year Award, Lambda Pi Eta Chapter, School of Communication (2010). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Student Affairs Partner Award, Florida State University, Division of Student Affairs (2009). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Gregg Phifer Freedom of Speech Award, Southern States Communication Association (1997). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Top Paper Award, Canadian Firms, the State and Telecommunications Technology Research: Shifting Approaches to Economic and Social Opportunity, Communication and Technology Division, International Communication Association (1992). \par \pard \pard \par \pard \par \pard \keepn {\b Current Membership in Professional Organizations}\par \pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\fi-720\li720 Asian Media and Information Center \par \pard \pard \keepn\fi-720\li720 International Communication Association \par \pard \pard \keepn\fi-720\li720 National Communication Association \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn \par {\pard \qc\keepn {\b Teaching}\par }\pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn {\b Courses Taught}\par \pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\fi-720\li720 Media Legalities (MMC4200)\par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Diffusion of Innovations (MMC6469)\par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Comparative Systems of Mass Communication (MMC5305)\par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Directed Individual Study (COM5906)\par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Directed Individual Study (COM4905)\par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Honors Work (COM4909)\par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Undergraduate Seminar in Communication (COM4930)\par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Communication Internship (COM4945)\par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Communication Residency (COM5946)\par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Application of Communication Skills (COM3933)\par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Comprtv Systems of Mass Comm (COM4930)\par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Diffusion of Innovations (MMC4300)\par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 ICT for Development (COM4905)\par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Mobil Health (COM4905)\par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Preparation for the Preliminary Examination (COM6900)\par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Public Relations Internship (PUR4940)\par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 The Diffusion of Innovations (MMC6469)\par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Colloquium in Communication (COM5920)\par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Communication for Business and the Professions (COM3110)\par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Contemporary Human Communication (SPC3210)\par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Content Analysis in Communication Research (COM5317)\par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Elements of Film (FIL2000)\par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Interracial/Intercultural Communication (SPC4710)\par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Mass Media and Society (MMC4602)\par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Special Topics in Communication (COM3930)\par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Special Topics in International Affairs (INR3932)\par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Directed Individual Study (JPN4905)\par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Experiments in Modern Language (FOL3930)\par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 International Food and Culture (HFT2890)\par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Introductory Linguistics for Foreign Language Majors (LIN3041)\par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Communication and Change: The Diffusion of Innovations (MMC4300)\par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Colloquium in Mass Communication (MMC6920)\par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Media Workshop: Graphic Design (ART4925C)\par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Media Workshop: Painting (ART4921C)\par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Special Topics in Asian Studies (ASN4930)\par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Communication Regulation and Policy (RTV5702)\par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Desktop Multimedia (COM4470)\par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Radio Practicum (RTV3941)\par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Colloquium in Speech Communication (SPC6920)\par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Radio Workshop (RTV3926)\par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Media Legalities (MMC4210)\par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Senior Seminar in Communication Studies (COM4935)\par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Introduction to the Mass Media (MMC2000)\par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Communication Activities (COM3950)\par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Political Rhetoric: Language and Persuasion (SPC5655)\par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Communication in Small Groups (SPC3425)\par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Communication Research Methods Laboratory (COM3310L)\par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Honors Preparatory Seminar (COM4937)\par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Writing for the Electronic Media (RTV3101)\par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 New Communication Technology and Contemporary Society (COM3332)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \par \pard \keepn {\b Doctoral Committee Chair}\par \pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\fi-720\li720 Gul, M., graduate. (2015). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Nair, S., graduate. (2012). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Wongrujira, M., graduate. (2008). {\i Media Democratization: A Study of Media Activism on the Path of Broadcasting Reform in Thailand}.  \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Akil, B. R., graduate. (2007). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Lee, J., graduate. (2006). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Nathaniel, D. L., graduate. (2006). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Leahy, K. A., graduate. (2006). {\i Circumscribing the Public Interest in the VoIP Policy Debate. Department of Communication}.  \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Daniel, B., graduate. (2004). {\i Workplace Bullying: A Communication Perspective}.  \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Tomasello, T. K., graduate. (2004). {\i A Content Analysis of J. C. R. Licklider's "Man-Computer Symbiosis}.  \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Nikolaev, A. G., graduate. (2001). {\i The Extension and Transformation of the Two-Level-Game Theory and its Application to the Field of Communication}.  \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Maguire, D. R., doctoral candidate. \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Saleem, A., doctoral candidate. \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Shaikh, M., doctoral candidate. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \par \pard \keepn {\b Doctoral Committee Cochair}\par \pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\fi-720\li720 Alkhalaf, A. A., graduate. (2013). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Vahe, M., graduate. (2013). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Zain-ul-abdin, K., graduate. (2013). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Bishai, S., graduate. (2010). {\i Collectivism, Communication, and Cultural Conflict: The Dialogical Acculturation of Christian Egyptians in the Diaspora}.  \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Bishai, S. A., graduate. (2010). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Hong, Chan-pyo, graduate. (2006). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Sun, Hua Lin (Helen), graduate. (2003). {\i Internet Policy and Use: A Field Study of Internet Cafes in China}.  \par \pard \pard \par \pard \par \pard \keepn {\b Doctoral Committee Member}\par \pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\fi-720\li720 Ryor, J. C., graduate. (2015). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Callender, M. F., graduate. (2015). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Chouinard, M. S., graduate. (2015). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Leslie, N. S., graduate. (2015). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Han, Yi-Hsing, graduate. (2014). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Snell, C. D., graduate. (2014). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Hunter, L. P., graduate. (2014). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Smock, S. L., graduate. (2014). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Das, A., graduate. (2013). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Esquibel, M. A., graduate. (2013). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Lee, S., graduate. (2013). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Rynarzewska, A. I., graduate. (2012). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Cox, N. B., graduate. (2012). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Susca, M., graduate. (2012). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Smith, S. A., graduate. (2011). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Bae, B. J., graduate. (2010). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Bae, B. J., graduate. (2010). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 McKahan, J. G., graduate. (2009). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Templin, R. E., graduate. (2009). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Inglessis, M. G., graduate. (2008). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Grindy, M. A., graduate. (2008). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Velazquez Vargas, Y., graduate. (2008). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Velazquez, Y., graduate. (2008). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Davis, K. A., graduate. (2007). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Lee, Y., graduate. (2006). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Martin, T. J., graduate. (2006). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Holbrook, D. R., doctoral candidate. \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Joshi, A. R., doctoral candidate. \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Willingham, C. M., doctoral candidate. \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Xie, T., doctoral candidate. \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Andayani, N. M., doctoral student. \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Bodkin, L. E., doctoral student. \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Correa, P., doctoral student. \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Brobst, J., doctoral student. \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Cox, N., doctoral student. \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Mandel, L., doctoral student. \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 McKahan, J., doctoral student. \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Snead, T., doctoral student. \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Templin, R., doctoral student. \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 White, L., doctoral student. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \par \pard \keepn {\b Doctoral Committee University Representative}\par \pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\fi-720\li720 Obaid, Z., graduate. (2015). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Afaq, A., graduate. (2013). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Barber, K. A., graduate. (2013). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Brobst, J. L., graduate. (2012). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Mukminin, A., graduate. (2012). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Park, Young-Woo, graduate. (2011). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Harvey, T. S., graduate. (2009). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Snead, J. T., graduate. (2009). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 M Subramaniam, M., graduate. (2007). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Subramaniam, M. M., graduate. (2007). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Cho, K. W., doctoral candidate. \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Dick, W. D., doctoral candidate. \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Keaton, M. K., doctoral candidate. \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Moore, A. L., doctoral candidate. \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Puplampu, N. A., doctoral candidate. \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Spears, L. I., doctoral candidate. \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Trotta, J., doctoral candidate. \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Mandel, L. H., doctoral candidate. \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 James, O. C., doctoral student. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \par \pard \keepn {\b Master's Committee Chair}\par \pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\fi-720\li720 Nensey, Z. H., graduate. (2015). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Stevenson, E. J., graduate. (2015). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 McCabe, J. R., graduate. (2014). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Adams, M. R., graduate. (2014). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Suggs, P. D., graduate. (2013). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Chaffin, E. O., graduate. (2013). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Huang, Kuo-Ting, graduate. (2013). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Sinnott, E. M., graduate. (2013). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Wang, Z., graduate. (2012). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Ritter, M. G., graduate. (2012). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Xiu, Y., graduate. (2012). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Lu, Y., graduate. (2011). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Brim, C. W., graduate. (2011). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Tucker, C. D., graduate. (2011). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Edstrom, J. W., graduate. (2010). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Edstrom, S. E., graduate. (2010). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Nair, S. C., graduate. (2010). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Wang, X., graduate. (2010). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Asmus, L. M., graduate. (2010). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Cross, H. C., graduate. (2010). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Ituma, M. G., graduate. (2010). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 M'Ituma, M. G., graduate. (2010). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Richardson, R., graduate. (2010). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Asbury, J. W., graduate. (2010). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Baldy, P. A., graduate. (2010). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Kim Min, J., graduate. (2010). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Weathers, A. D., graduate. (2010). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Ahearn, B. L., graduate. (2009). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Baber, B. D., graduate. (2009). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Ephraim, D., graduate. (2009). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Herter, L. M., graduate. (2009). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Chang, H. J., graduate. (2009). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Ciszcon, E., graduate. (2009). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Ciszczon, E. N., graduate. (2009). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Goostree, L. E., graduate. (2009). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Hull, C. J., graduate. (2009). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Lauen, C. S., graduate. (2009). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Saputro, K. A., graduate. (2009). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Sweat, C. E., graduate. (2009). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Rill, J. A., graduate. (2008). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Sinclair, T. A., graduate. (2008). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Kirtley, K. D., graduate. (2008). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Aiello, L. E., graduate. (2007). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Geis, D. S., graduate. (2007). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Herrera, M. S., graduate. (2007). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Scott, M., graduate. (2007). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Shorter, A. M., graduate. (2006). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Taylor, J. W., graduate. (2006). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Brickwedel, B. P., graduate. (2006). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Goldwire, T. S., graduate. (2006). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Lubitz, M. N., graduate. (2006). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Major, B. R., graduate. (2006). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Powell, A. L., graduate. (2006). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Probst, C. J., graduate. (2006). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Stein, R. A., graduate. (2006). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Griffin, M. J., student. \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Hall, R. C., student. \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Hebert, R. M., student. \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Kouskolekas, A., student. \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 McKay, B. J., student. \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Ransom, S. J., student. \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Hatcher, S. A., student. \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Kennedy, L. R., student. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \par \pard \keepn {\b Master's Committee Cochair}\par \pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\fi-720\li720 Park, J. K., graduate. (2012). \par \pard \pard \par \pard \par \pard \keepn {\b Master's Committee Member}\par \pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\fi-720\li720 Crotty, R., graduate. (2015). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Bedgio, D. A., graduate. (2015). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Benbrook, A. R., graduate. (2015). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Roche, M. A., graduate. (2015). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Zhao, W., graduate. (2015). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Evans, N. A., graduate. (2014). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Gao, Y., graduate. (2014). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Huang, Chu-Wei, graduate. (2014). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Wang, J., graduate. (2014). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Zhang, L., graduate. (2014). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Kleinpeter, B. D., graduate. (2014). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Rutstein, A. N., graduate. (2014). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Aliche, O. E., graduate. (2014). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Du, L., graduate. (2014). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Harrison, J. L., graduate. (2014). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Stevens, C. N., graduate. (2014). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Agboola, T. C., graduate. (2013). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Gibbons, S. M., graduate. (2013). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Key, M., graduate. (2013). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Stewart, C. M., graduate. (2013). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Wong Chen, J. P., graduate. (2013). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Caruso, S. C., graduate. (2013). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Cobb, K. N., graduate. (2013). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Cook, N. T., graduate. (2013). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Daniels, C. X., graduate. (2013). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Evans, K. D., graduate. (2013). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Long, B. L., graduate. (2013). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Reindl, L. B., graduate. (2013). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Shah, D. V., graduate. (2013). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Shaikh, A. S., graduate. (2013). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Sharpe, H. P., graduate. (2013). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Sicilia, E. G., graduate. (2013). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Walkup, L. R., graduate. (2013). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Wolf, A. L., graduate. (2013). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Xiong, Y., graduate. (2013). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Breland, D. L., graduate. (2012). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Case, A. S., graduate. (2012). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Riddell, N. H., graduate. (2012). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Zhang, B., graduate. (2012). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Biggs, W. G., graduate. (2012). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Chen, M. X., graduate. (2012). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Chueh, Chih-Yu, graduate. (2012). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Li, Bi-Ren, graduate. (2012). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Tseng, I-Ju, graduate. (2012). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Bollotta, G. M., graduate. (2012). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Chen, L., graduate. (2012). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Christovich, M. A., graduate. (2012). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Cole, D. C., graduate. (2012). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Donley, L. E., graduate. (2012). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Durrance, R. A., graduate. (2012). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Hudson, C., graduate. (2012). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Long, W., graduate. (2012). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 MacDonald, N. A., graduate. (2012). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Swanson, A. V., graduate. (2012). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Tang, W., graduate. (2012). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Tsai, Shang-Chen, graduate. (2012). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Wang, Q., graduate. (2012). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Ward, J. V., graduate. (2012). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Chen, L., graduate. (2011). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Earl, E. J., graduate. (2011). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Ershock, Q. C., graduate. (2011). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Garcia, J. D., graduate. (2011). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Grant, J. F., graduate. (2011). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 LaFavor, A. N., graduate. (2011). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Reed, J. D., graduate. (2011). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Adams, J. S., graduate. (2011). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Chao, I-Jou, graduate. (2011). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Cleophat, C., graduate. (2011). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Jiang, Y., graduate. (2011). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Pryce, R. E., graduate. (2011). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Stafford, L. M., graduate. (2011). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Wu, S., graduate. (2011). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Alex-Sands, N. E. A., graduate. (2011). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Barber, K. D., graduate. (2011). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Chen, T., graduate. (2011). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Dismukes, L. N., graduate. (2011). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Ford, J. L., graduate. (2011). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Jula, B., graduate. (2011). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Li, F., graduate. (2011). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Lokteva, Y., graduate. (2011). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Lung, Feng-Hung, graduate. (2011). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Perez, E., graduate. (2011). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Prior, A. E., graduate. (2011). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Snyder, K. D., graduate. (2011). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Wen, X., graduate. (2011). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Blue, S. L., graduate. (2010). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Dobridnia, C. A., graduate. (2010). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 He, Y., graduate. (2010). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Lucient, J. D., graduate. (2010). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Parker, C., graduate. (2010). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Richards, C. S., graduate. (2010). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Sexton, A. M., graduate. (2010). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Smoyer, T. M., graduate. (2010). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Spillman, K. M., graduate. (2010). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Xie, J., graduate. (2010). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Yang, X., graduate. (2010). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Adolphson, A. D., graduate. (2010). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Briggle, A. S., graduate. (2010). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Cooper, C. A., graduate. (2010). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Crawford, K. R., graduate. (2010). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Davis, M. J., graduate. (2010). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Kumuyi, A. T., graduate. (2010). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Olinski, K. C., graduate. (2010). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Wright, B. L., graduate. (2010). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Anderson, T. D., graduate. (2010). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Cox, E. C., graduate. (2010). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Cromer, S. M., graduate. (2010). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 James, T. D., graduate. (2010). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Neas, J. A., graduate. (2010). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Sheibe, S. M., graduate. (2010). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Calixte, G., graduate. (2009). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Doneghy, J. P., graduate. (2009). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Johnson, M. L., graduate. (2009). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Vadella, E. B., graduate. (2009). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Adamoli, G., graduate. (2009). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Kim, J., graduate. (2009). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Russo, A. W., graduate. (2009). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Echezuria, A. R., graduate. (2009). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Keenan, G. K., graduate. (2009). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Reyes, A., graduate. (2009). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Santos, C. L., graduate. (2009). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Harley, S. N., graduate. (2008). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Louis, L. R., graduate. (2008). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Santo-Domingo, L., graduate. (2008). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Steed, S. N., graduate. (2008). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Wills, W. E., graduate. (2008). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Alqaseer, J., graduate. (2008). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Hegde, K. K., graduate. (2008). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Kurpe, S., graduate. (2008). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Muniz, S. W., graduate. (2008). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Tumbleson, S. T. M., graduate. (2008). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Alkhalaf, A. A., graduate. (2008). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Bilir, T. E., graduate. (2008). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Esquibel, M. A., graduate. (2008). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Higgins, L. M., graduate. (2007). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Meola, E. M., graduate. (2007). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Moak, A. L., graduate. (2007). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Donnelly, P. J., graduate. (2006). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Holdsworth, J. A., graduate. (2006). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Lo, A. T., graduate. (2006). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Lowe, M. D., graduate. (2006). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Nalls, D. M., graduate. (2006). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Cui, D., student. \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Givens, J. S., student. \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Jordan, J., student. \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Manning, T. J., student. \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Nerney, I. M., student. \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Ports, P. C., student. \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Rasul, A., student. \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Wenck, J. E., student. \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Wright, B., student. \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Theeranaew, K., student. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn \par {\pard \qc\keepn {\b Research and Original Creative Work}\par }\pard \keepn \par {\pard \qc\keepn {\b Publications}\par }\pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn {\b Invited Journal Articles}\par \pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Proffitt, J., Ekbia, H., & McDowell, S. (2015). Introductory to the special forum on monetization of user-generated content \u8211? Marx revisited. {\i The Information Society}, {\i Volume 31, No. 1}, 1-4. Retrieved from {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "http://www.tandfonline.com/doi/pdf/10.1080/01972243.2015.977624"}{\fldrslt http://www.tandfonline.com/doi/pdf/10.1080/01972243.2015.977624}} doi:{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "http://dx.doi.org/10.1080/01972243.2015.977624"}{\fldrslt 10.1080/01972243.2015.977624}}\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Strover, S., & McDowell, S. (2014). Broadband Redux 2013, Introduction. {\i Government Information Quarterly}, {\i Volume 31, Issue 1}, 50-52.\par \pard \pard \par \pard \par \pard \keepn {\b Refereed Journal Articles}\par \pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Proffitt, J., Ekbia, H., & McDowell, S. (2015). SPECIAL FORUM: Monetization of user-generated content \u8211? Marx revisited. {\i The Information Society}, {\i Volume 1, No. 1}, 1-67.\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Rasul, A., & McDowell, S. (2015). Images of oppression: An analysis of the coverage of Afghan women in Time and Newsweek after 9/11. {\i The Journal of International Communication}, {\i Volume 21, No. 1}, 21-37. doi:http://dx.doi.org/10.1080/13216597.2014\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Strover, S., & McDowell, S. D. (2014). Broadband Redux, 2013 guest edited special issue. {\i Government Information Quarterly}, {\i Volume 31, Issue 1}, 50-107.\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Rasul, A., & McDowell, S. (2012). Consolidation in the Name of Regulation: The Pakistan Electronic Media Regulatory Authority (PEMRA) and the Concentration of Media Ownership in Pakistan. {\i Global Media Journal}, {\i Volume 12 Issue 20}, 1-15. Retrieved from {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "http://globalmediajournal.com/open-access/consolidation-in-the-name-of-regulation-the-pakistan-electronic-media-regulatory-authority-pemra-and-the-concentration-of-media-ownership-in-pakistan.pdf"}{\fldrslt http://globalmediajournal.com/open-access/consolidation-in-the-name-of-regulation-the-pakistan-electronic-media-regulatory-authority-pemra-and-the-concentration-of-media-ownership-in-pakistan.pdf}}\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Devine, J. J., Green, C. A., McDowell, S. D., & Kidwell, C. (2010). The Global Pathways Initiative: FSU Interdisciplinary Efforts to Become Interculturally Competent. {\i Making Connections: Interdisciplinary Approaches to Cultural Diversity}, {\i Spring}, 1-13.\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 McDowell, S. D., & Strover, S. (2006). Issues in Wireless Broadband. {\i Government Information Quarterly}, 347-526.\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 McDowell, S. D., & Park, C. (2005). Direct Broadcast Satellites and the Social Shaping of Technology: Comparing South Korea and Canada. {\i Canadian Journal of Communication}, {\i 30(1)}, 111-138.\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 McDowell, S. D., & Lee, J. (2003). India's Experiments in Mobile Licensing. {\i Telecommunications Policy}, {\i 27}, 371-382.\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 McDowell, S. D., & Steinberg, P. E. (2003). Mutiny on the Bandwidth: The Semiotics of Statehood in the Internet Domain Name Registries of Pitcairn Island and Niue. {\i New Media and Society}, {\i 5(1)}, 47-67.\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 McDowell, S. D., & Venkatachalam, S. (2003). What is Broadband? Where is Rural? {\i Government Information Quarterly}, {\i 20(2)}, 151-166.\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Pashupati, K., Sun, H., & McDowell, S. D. (2003). Guardians of Culture, Development Communications, or State Capitalists: Policy Responses to Satellite Television: Similarities and Contrast in India and China. {\i Gazette: The International Journal for Communication Studies}, {\i 65(3)}, 251-271.\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Steinberg, P., & McDowell, S. D. (2003). Global Communication and the Post-Statism of Cyberspace: A Spatial Constructivist View. {\i Review of Political Economy}, {\i 10(2)}, 196-221.\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 McDowell, S. D., & Steinberg, P. (2001). Non-State Governance and the Internet: Civil Society and the ICANN. {\i Info}, {\i 3(4)}, 279-298.\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Jackson, Michele, & McDowell, S. D. (2000). Enhancing Discourse on New Media within Higher Education. {\i Information, Communication and Society}, {\i 3(4)}, 629-638.\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 McDowell, S. D., & Maitland, C. (1998). The V-Chip in Canada and the United States: Themes and Variations in Design and Deployment. {\i Journal of Broadcasting and Electronic Media}, {\i 42(4)}, 401-422.\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 McDowell, S. D., & Buchwald, C. C. (1997). Public Interest Groups and the Canadian Information Highway. {\i Telecommunications Policy}, {\i 21(8)}, 709-719.\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 McDowell, S. D. (1997). Globalization and Policy Choice: Television and Audiovisual Services Policies in India. {\i Media, Culture and Society}, {\i 19(2)}, 151-172.\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 McDowell, S. D. (1995). The Decline of the License Raj: Indian Software Export Policies. {\i Journal of Communication}, {\i 45(4)}, 24-49.\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 McDowell, S. D. (1994). Mennonites, The Canadian State, and Globalization in International Political Economy. {\i Conrad Grebel Review}, {\i 12(1)}, 21-42.\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 McDowell, S. D. (1993). From Communications Policy to Trade and Industrial Policy: The Canadian State and Telecommunications Technology. {\i Canadian Journal of Communication}, {\i 18(4)}, 507-514.\par \pard \pard \par \pard \par \pard \keepn {\b Refereed Book Chapters}\par \pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 McDowell, S. D., Nensey, Z., & Steinberg, P. E. (2014). Cooperative International Approaches to Network Security: Understanding and Assessing OECD and ITU Efforts to Promote Shared Cybersecurity. In Jan-Frederik Kremer Benedikt Muller (Ed.), {\i Cyber Space and International Relations: Theory, Prospects and Challenges} (pp. 231-252). Berlin Heidelberg: Springer-Verlag GmbH. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 McDowell, S. D. (2006). Commercial Control and Governance of Global Electronic Networks. In Christopher May (Ed.), {\i Global Corporate Power: (Re)integrating Companies into IPE}. International Political Economy Yearbook Volume 15. Lynne Rienner Publishers. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 McDowell, S. D., & Hong, M. (2006). United States Trade Policy and the Reshaping of Intellectual Property Rights Protection in the APEC Region. In Jan Servaes, & Pradip Thomas (Eds.), {\i Intellectual Property Rights and Communications in Asia: Conflicting Traditions}. New Delhi: Sage. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 McDowell, S. D., & Lee, J. (2006). Tracking `Localism' in Television Broadcasting: Utilizing and Structuring Public Information. In Philip Napoli (Ed.), {\i Media Diversity and Localism: Meaning and Metrics} (pp. 177-191). Mahwah, NJ: Lawrence Erlbaum. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 McDowell, S. D. (2003). Theory and Research in International Communication: An Historical and Institutional Account. In Bella Mody (Ed.), {\i International and Development Communication: A 21st Century Prospective} (pp. 5-18). Thousand Oaks: Sage. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Jackson, Michele, & McDowell, S. D. (2002). Enhancing Discourse on New Media within Higher Education. In William H. Dutton, & Brian Loader (Eds.), {\i Digital Academe: New Media in Higher Education and Learning} (pp. 318-327). Taylor and Francis/Routledge. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 McDowell, S. D. (2002). Understanding Shifts in the Form and Scope of Telecommunications Governance: Canada and the United States in the 20th Century. In James N. Rosenau, & J.P. Singh (Eds.), {\i Information Technologies and Global Politics: The Changing Scope of Power and Governance} (pp. 211-237). Albany: State University of New York Press. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 McDowell, S. D. (2001). The Un-Sovereign Century: Canada's Media and Communications Industries and Policies. In S. Waisbord, & N. Morris (Eds.), {\i Media and Globalization: Why the State Matters} (pp. 117-132). Lanham, MD: Rowman and Littlefield. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 McDowell, S. D. (2001). Theory and Research in International Communication: An Historical and Institutional Account. In William Gudykunst, & Bella Mody (Eds.), {\i Handbook of International and Intercultural Communication (Second Edition)} (pp. 295-308). Thousand Oaks: Sage. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 McDowell, S. D. (1997). New Audiovisual Services and Communications Policy in India. In Reeta Chowdari Tremblay (Ed.), {\i Perspectives on South Asia at the Threshold of the 21st Century} (pp. 507-537). Montreal: Canadian Asian Studies Association. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 McDowell, S. D. (1996). Telecommunications and North American integration: trade liberalization versus infrastructure investment. In Christos C. Paraskevopoulos, Ricardo Grinspun, & George E. Eaton (Eds.), {\i Economic Integration in the Americas} (pp. 288-299). Aldershot, U.K.: Edward Elgar Publishing. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 McDowell, S. D. (1994). India, the LDCs, and GATT Negotiations on Trade and Investment in Services. In Richard Stubbs, & Geoffrey R.D. Underhill (Eds.), {\i Political Economy and the Changing Global Order} (pp. 497-510). Toronto: McClelland and Stewart. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \par \pard \keepn {\b Nonrefereed Journal Articles}\par \pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 McDowell, S. D., & Nair, S. (2010). Advanced Wireless Services" Challenges for Telecommunications Policy and Regulation in India. {\i Media Asia}, {\i 37(2)}, 59-66.\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Ruelas, A. L., McDowell, S. D., & Dowding, M. R. (2002). La regulacion de las telecommunicaciones en Mexico y Canada: semejanzas y contrastos. {\i Revista Mexicana de Estudios Canadienses: Nueva Epoca}, {\i 3}, 107-122.\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 McDowell, S. D. (2000). Canadian Communication and Cultural Policies: Coping with Globalization and Digital Media. {\i Estudios de Am\u233\'E9rica del Norte}, {\i 1(3)}, online.\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 McDowell, S. D., & Pashupati, K. (1999). India's Internet Policies: Ownership, Control, and Purposes. {\i Informatik Forum}, online.\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 McDowell, S. D., Ruelas, A. L., & Dowding, M. R. (1999). La Reforma de las Telecomunicaciones en America del Norte. {\i Estudios de Am\u233\'E9rica del Norte}, {\i 1(1)}, online.\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 McDowell, S. D., & Pashupati, K. (1998). India's Internet Policies: New Media Ownership, Control, and Purposes. {\i Media Development}, {\i 45(4)}, 18-24.\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 McDowell, S. D. (1997). Development or Diversion? Telecom Regulation in India. {\i Voices for Change: A Journal on Communications and Development}, {\i 1(3)}, 4-7.\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 McDowell, S. D. (1991). India's Telecom Policy Issues in the 1990s. {\i Telematics India}, 20-24.\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 McDowell, S. D. (1990). India's Telecom Policy Issues in the 1990s. {\i Transnational Data and Communications Report}, 14-18.\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 McDowell, S. D. (1989). The Shaping of Transborder Data Flow Policy. {\i Transnational Data and Communications Report}, 19-23.\par \pard \pard \par \pard \par \pard \keepn {\b Nonrefereed Book Chapters}\par \pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 McDowell, S., Rasul, A., Shaikh, M., & Gul, M. (2013). Perspectives on Media Performance: Media, Conflict and Institution Building in Pakistan. In Prof. Dr. Qalb-i-Abid, & Prof. Dr. Massarrat Abid (Eds.), {\i Pakistan: Challenges to Democracy, Governance and National Unity}. Lahore: Pakistan Study Center and Research Society of Pakistan, University of the Punjab. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 McDowell, S. D. (2009). Shifting Approaches to Governing E-Commerce: From Promoting New Technology to Controlling Uses. In Louis Leung, Anthony Y.H. Fung, & Paul S. N. Lee (Eds.), {\i Embedding into Our Lives: New Opportunities and Challenges of the Internet} (pp. 297-321). Hong Kong: The Chinese University Press. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 McDowell, S. D. (2006). Mass Media and New Media and Sustained Development: Cross-Cultural and Intercultural Considerations. In {\i International Conference on Intercultural Communication}. China: School of Journalism and Communication, Wuhan University. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 McDowell, S. D. (2004). Mass Media and Information Technology in Education. In {\i Encyclopedia of Life Support Systems}. Paris: UNESCO. Retrieved from www.eolss.net\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 McDowell, S. D., & Hadley, P. (2004). La Brecha Digital y la Comunidad Latina en Estados Unidos. In {\i Fronteras en America del Norte: Estudios Multidisciplinarios}. Autonomous National University of Mexico (UNAM), Mexico City. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 McDowell, S. D. (2003). Strategies to advance the cultural diversity instrument initiative: Thoughts on the goals, scope and form of governance. In Gaetan Tremblay (Ed.), {\i PANAM: industries culturelles et dialogue des civilisations dans les Ameriques} (pp. 211-225). Quebec: Presses de l'Universite Laval. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 McDowell, S. D. (2000). Globalization, Local Governance, and the United States Telecommunications Act of 1996. In James O. Wheeler, Barney Warf, & Yuko Aoyama (Eds.), {\i Cities in the Telecommunications Age: The Fracturing of Geographies} (pp. 112-129). New York: Routledge. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Ruelas, A. L., McDowell, S. D., & Dowding, M. (2000). La reforma de las telecommunicaciones en America del Norte. In G. Ibarra, & A. L. Ruelas (Eds.), {\i Mexico y Canada en la globalizacion: Fronteras tensionades en America del Norte} (pp. 169-203). Culician, Sinaloa, Mexico: Universidad Autonoma de Sinaloa. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 McDowell, S. D., & Maitland, C. (1998). Developing Television Ratings in Canada and the United States: The Perils and Promises of Self-Regulation. In Monroe E. Price (Ed.), {\i The V-Chip Debate: Content Filtering from Television to the Internet} (pp. 23-46). Mahwah, NJ: Lawrence Erlbaum. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 McDowell, S. D. (1994). International Services Liberalisation and Indian Telecommunications Policy. In Edward Comer (Ed.), {\i The Global Political Economy of Communication} (pp. 103-124). New York: St. Martin's Press. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 McDowell, S. D. (1994). On Informatics and the Indian State: Examining Conventional Interpretations. In Elliot L. Tepper, & John R. Wood (Eds.), {\i Enriched by South Asia: Celebrating Twenty Five Years of South Asian Studies in Canada} (pp. 219-239). Montreal: Canadian Asian Studies Association. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 McDowell, S. D. (1994). Policy Research Institutes and Liberalized International Services Exchange. In Stephen Brooks, & Alain-G. Gagnon (Eds.), {\i The Political Influences of Ideas: Policy Communities and the Social Sciences} (pp. 107-133). Westport, Conn.: Praeger Publishers. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn \par {\pard \qc\keepn {\b Presentations}\par }\pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn {\b Refereed Papers at Conferences}\par \pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Devine, J. J., Green, C. A., & McDowell, S. D. (presented 2010, November). {\i An Interdisciplinary University Effort to Advance Intercultural Competence}. Paper presented at the meeting of National Communication Association. (International)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Robinson, B., & McDowell, S. D. (presented 2010, November). {\i Theorizing Communication as a Game}. Paper presented at the meeting of National Communication Association. (National)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 McDowell, S. D., Steinberg, P. E., & Tomasello, T. (presented 2007, July). {\i Wireless Services: Reconstructing Urban Space and Mobility}. Paper presented at the meeting of National Communication Association, Chicago, Illinois. (National)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 McDowell, S. D., Steinberg, P. E., & Tomasello, T. (presented 2006, November). {\i Spatial Construction and the Design and Use of Communication Networks}. Paper presented at the meeting of National Communication Association, San Antonia, Texas. (National)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 McDowell, S. D. (presented 2006, June). {\i States and Civil Society Groups: Canada's Promotion of Cultural Diversity and UNESCO's Convention on the Protection and Promotion of Diversity of Cultural Expressions}. Paper presented at the meeting of International Communication Association, Dresden, Germany. (International)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 McDowell, S. D., & Sun, H. (presented 2006, June). {\i Shaping Internet Governance: The Role of India and China in the World Summit on Information Society}. Paper presented at the meeting of Canadian Communication Association, Toronto, Ontario. (International)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 McDowell, S. D. (presented 2005, May). {\i Segmenting the Governance of the Internet}. Paper presented at the meeting of International Communication Association. (International)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 McDowell, S. D., & Park, C. (presented 2004, May). {\i Policy Developments and Prospects for the Wireless Telephony: Comparing South Korea and Canada}. Paper presented at the meeting of International Commlunication Association, New Orleans, LA. (International)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 McDowell, S. D., & Pashupati, K. (presented 2004, May). {\i International Trade in Services and Call Centers in India: Exploiting Comparative Advantage}. Paper presented at the meeting of International Communication Association, New Orleans, LA. (International)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Venkatachalam, S., & McDowell, S. D. (presented 2003, November). {\i What is Broadband? Where is Rural?} Paper presented at the meeting of National Communication Association, Miami, FL. (National)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 McDowell, S. D. (presented 2002, November). {\i Communication Technology and Distance Education: A Review and Assessment}. Paper presented at the meeting of National Communication Association, New Orleans, LA. (National)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Park, C., & McDowell, S. D. (presented 2002, July). {\i South Korea and Canada: Geography, Audiences, and Challenges for Satellite Broadcasting}. Paper presented at the meeting of International Communication Association, Seoul, Korea. (International)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Steinberg, P. E., & McDowell, S. D. (presented 2001, November). {\i Mutiny and Bandwidth: The Semiotics of Statehood in the Internet Domain Name Registries of Pitcairn Island and Niue}. Paper presented at the meeting of National Communication Association, Atlanta, GA. (National)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 McDowell, S. D. (presented 2001, May). {\i India: Round Two of Reforms}. Paper presented at 51st Annual Conference, International Communication Association, Washington, D.C. (International)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 McDowell, S. D. (presented 2000, June). {\i The Un-Sovereign Century: Canada's Media and Communications Industries and Policies}. Paper presented at 50th Annual Conference, International Communication Association, Acapulco, Mexico. (International)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Pashupati, K., Sun, H., & McDowell, S. D. (presented 2000, June). {\i Policy Responses to Satellite Television: Similarities and Contrasts in India and China}. Paper presented at 50th Annual Conference, International Communication Association, Acapulco, Mexico. (International)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Butterfield, K., & McDowell, S. D. (presented 1999, May). {\i FCC Spectrum Auctions: Evaluating a Public Policy Experiment}. Paper presented at 49th Annual Conference, International Communication Association, San Francisco, CA. (International)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Pashupati, K., & McDowell, S. D. (presented 1999, May). {\i India's Internet Policies: New Media Ownership, Control, and Purposes}. Paper presented at 49th Annual Conference, International Communication Association, San Francisco, CA. (International)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 McDowell, S. D. (presented 1998, July). {\i Telecommunications Regulation in India: Context and Institutional Change}. Paper presented at the meeting of International Communication Association, Jerusalem, Israel. (International)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 McDowell, S. D., & Maitland, C. (presented 1998, June). {\i Developing Television Ratings in Canada and the United States: The Perils and Promises of Self-Regulation}. Paper presented at the meeting of International Communication Association, Jerusalem, Israel. (International)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Maitland, C., & McDowell, S. D. (presented 1997). {\i Information Technology Choice in Canada and the United States: Themes and Variations in V-Chip Design and Deployment}. Paper presented at the meeting of International Communication Association, Montreal. (International)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 McDowell, S. D. (presented 1996, May). {\i Non-Commercial Stakeholders and Canadian Information Highway Debates: Redefining Public Policy without Public Interest Groups?} Paper presented at the meeting of International Communication Association, Chicago, Illinois. (International)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 McDowell, S. D. (presented 1992, May). {\i Canadian Firms, the State and Telecommunications Technology Research: Shifting Approaches to Economic and Social Opportunity}. Paper presented at the meeting of International Communication Association, Miami, FL. (International)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 McDowell, S. D. (presented 1991, May). {\i International Services Liberalization and Indian Telecommunications Policy}. Paper presented at the meeting of International Communication Association, Chicago, Illinois. (International)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \par \pard \keepn {\b Nonrefereed Papers at Conferences}\par \pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Rasul, A., & McDowell, S. D. (presented 2011, July). {\i Images of Opression: Coverage of the Afghan Women in the Time and Newsweek in Taliban and post-Taliban Regimes}. Paper presented at the meeting of International Communication Association and Media Research, Istanbul, Turkey. (International)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Rasul, A., & McDowell, S. D. (presented 2011, June). {\i Regulation and Media Monopoly: A Case Study of Broadcast Regulation in Pakistan}. Paper presented at Annual Conference, International Telecommunication Society's Asia-Pacific Regional Conference, Taipei, Taiwan. (Regional)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Rasul, A., McDowell, S. D., & Shaikh, M. (presented 2011, June). {\i Regionalization of Conflict: Image of Taliban in Elite English Newspapers of India, China, Pakistan and Iran}. Paper presented at 20th Annual Conference, Asian Media and Information Centre (AMIC), Hyderabad, India. (International)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Nair, S., & McDowell, S. D. (presented 2010, June). {\i ICTs in Economic Empowerment: The Gender Divide, Paper}. Paper presented at 19th Annual Conference, Asian Media and Information Centre (AMIC), Suntec City, Singapore. (International)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Nair, S., & McDowell, S. D. (presented 2010, June). {\i Telecom Services and ICTs for Development: Approaches to Assessing Sector Performance}. Paper presented at 18th Biennial and Silver Anniversary Conference, International Telecommunications Society, Tokyo, Japan. (International)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Rasul, A., & McDowell, S. D. (presented 2010, June). {\i The Media and Conflict Management: A Case Study of Indo-Pak Relations After Mumbai Attacks}. Paper presented at 19th Annual Conference, Asian Media and Information Centre (AMIC), Singapore. (International)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 McDowell, S. D., & Nair, S. (presented 2009, July). {\i Advanced Wireless Services: Challenges for Telecommunications Policy and Regulation in India}. Paper presented at 18th Annual Conference, Asian Media and Information Centre (AMIC), New Delhi, India. (International)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Sun, H., & McDowell, S. D. (presented 2005, July). {\i Assessing New Media Applications: E-Government in India and China}. Paper presented at 14th Annual Conference, Asian Media and Information Center, Beijing, People's Republic of China. (International)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Sun, H., McDowell, S. D., & Steinberg, P. (presented 2005, July). {\i Connecting Internet Governance to Social and Economic Development: Comparing China and India}. Paper presented at the meeting of International Association of Media and Communication Research, Taipei, Taiwan. (International)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 McDowell, S. D., & Pashupati, K. (presented 2002, March). {\i Globalization, State Power and Telecommunication Reforms in India}. Paper presented at the meeting of International Studies Association, New Orleans, Louisiana. (International)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 McDowell, S. D. (presented 2001, August). {\i New Media Policies in Canada}. Paper presented at the meeting of Association for Education In Journalism and Mass Communication, Washington, D.C. (National)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Steinberg, P. E., & McDowell, S. D. (presented 2001, February). {\i Mutiny on the Bandwidth}. Paper presented at the meeting of International Studies Association, Chicago, Illinois. (International)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 McDowell, S. D., & Pashupati, K. (presented 2000, April). {\i The Absence of Cable and Satellite Policy in India: Its Impact on Programming, Access, and Investment}. Paper presented at the meeting of Broadcast Education Association, Las Vegas, Nevada. (International)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 McDowell, S. D., & Steinberg, P. (presented 2000, March). {\i Non-State Governance and the Internet: Civil Society and the ICANN}. Paper presented at the meeting of International Studies Association, Los Angeles, California. (International)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 McDowell, S. D., & Jackson, M. (presented 1999, June). {\i Connectivity and Information Infrastructures: New Technology and Public Policy}. Paper presented at Annual Meeting, Canadian Political Science Association, Sherbrooke, Quebec. (National)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 McDowell, S. D., & Steinberg, P. E. (presented 1999, March). {\i Global Cyberspace: Institutional Dynamics and the Myth of Post-Statism}. Paper presented at the meeting of Association of American Geographers, Honolulu, Hawaii. (National)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 McDowell, S. D., & Steinberg, P. E. (presented 1999, February). {\i The Construction of Global Cyberspace: Spatial and Institutional Dynamics}. Paper presented at the meeting of International Studies Association, Washington, DC. (International)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 McDowell, S. D., & Jackson, M. (presented 1998, July). {\i Ideologies of Order and Disempowerment: New Information and Communication Technology and the Need for Public Knowledge}. Paper presented at the meeting of International Association of Mass Communication Research, Glasgow, Scotland. (International)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 McDowell, S. D. (presented 1998, March). {\i New Communication Technology and the Spatial Reconfiguration of State Authority and Community Affiliation}. Paper presented at the meeting of International Studies Association, Minneapolis, Minnesota. (International)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 McDowell, S. D. (presented 1998). {\i Telecommunications Governance: From International to Global Institutions?} Paper presented at the meeting of International Studies Association, Charlotte, North Carolina. (Regional)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 McDowell, S. D. (presented 1997, October). {\i Convergence}. Paper presented at the meeting of Florida Communication Association, Melbourne, FL. (State)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 McDowell, S. D. (presented 1997, October). {\i Dispersing Governance: an IPE of Telecommunications Policies in North America}. Paper presented at the meeting of International Studies Association, Miami, FL. (Regional)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 McDowell, S. D., & Maitland, C. (presented 1997, April). {\i Information Technology Choice in Canada and the United States: Themes and Variations in V-Chip Design and Deployment}. Paper presented at the meeting of Southern States Communication Association, Savannah, Georgia. (State)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 McDowell, S. D. (presented 1997, March). {\i Spatiality and the IPE of Consumption: Culture, Communication and Mobility}. Paper presented at the meeting of International Studies Association, Toronto, Canada. (International)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Maitland, C., & McDowell, S. D. (presented 1996, June). {\i Regulating Content and Converging Information Services: Comparing Canada and the United States}. Paper presented at the meeting of Canadian Communications Association, St. Catherines, Ontario. (National)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 McDowell, S. D. (presented 1996, April). {\i Confronting the Neo-Liberal Account: Theory and the Political Economy of India's Communications Policies}. Paper presented at Annual Conference, International Studies Association, San Diego, California. (International)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 McDowell, S. D. (presented 1994, June). {\i Making Sense of the State: Perspectives on Canadian Telecommunications}. Paper presented at the meeting of Canadian Political Science Association, University of Calgary, Alberta. (National)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 McDowell, S. D. (presented 1994, June). {\i New Audiovisual Services and Communications Policy in India}. Paper presented at the meeting of Canadian Asian Studies Association, Alberta, Canada. (National)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 McDowell, S. D. (presented 1993, June). {\i Liberalization and Democracy: Understanding India's International Economic Policies}. Paper presented at Annual Meeting, Canadian Association for Studies in International Development, Carleton University. (National)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 McDowell, S. D. (presented 1993, June). {\i National Development and Information Technology: Informatics and the Indian State}. Paper presented at the meeting of Canadian Communications Association, Carleton University, Ottawa. (National)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 McDowell, S. D. (presented 1993, June). {\i On Informatics and the Indian State: Examining Conventional Interpretations}. Paper presented at Joint Conference, Canadian Asian Studies Association/South Asia Council and Shastri Indo-Canadian Institute, Carleton University, Ottawa. (National)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 McDowell, S. D. (presented 1993, March). {\i Globalization and Shifting Forms of State: India's International Economic Policies in the 1990s}. Paper presented at Political Economy Section, International Studies Association, Acapulco, Mexico. (International)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 McDowell, S. D. (presented 1992, September). {\i The Economic Liberalization Debate in India}. Paper presented at Annual Meeting, American Political Science Association, Chicago, United States. (National)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 McDowell, S. D. (presented 1992, March). {\i Epistemic Communities and Trade and Investment in Services}. Paper presented at Annual Conference, International Studies Association, Atlanta, Georgia. (International)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 McDowell, S. D. (presented 1991, June). {\i Global Computer Services, Class Formation and the State: The Case of Indian Software Policy}. Paper presented at the meeting of Canadian Political Science Association, Kingston, Ontario. (National)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 McDowell, S. D. (presented 1991, June). {\i Policy Research Institutes and Liberalized International Services Exchange}. Paper presented at Annual Meeting, Canadian Political Science Association, Kingston, Ontario. (National)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 McDowell, S. D. (presented 1991, June). {\i Rational Choosers and Collective Norms}. Paper presented at Annual Meeting, Canadian Political Science Association, Kingston, Ontario. (National)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 McDowell, S. D. (presented 1991, March). {\i Gender and Liberalization of Service Institutions}. Paper presented at the meeting of International Studies Association, Vancouver, British Columbia. (International)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 McDowell, S. D. (presented 1990, November). {\i Declining Counter-Hegemony: India and International Services Liberalization}. Paper presented at the meeting of Northeastern Internatioanl Studies Association/Northeast Political Science Association, Providence, Rhode Island. (Regional)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 McDowell, S. D. (presented 1989, June). {\i Politics and the Social Relations of Intellectual Production}. Paper presented at the meeting of Canadian Political Science Association, Quebec City, Quebec. (National)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 McDowell, S. D. (presented 1989, March). {\i Sites of Resistance to the Expansion of World Services Markets}. Paper presented at the meeting of International Studies Association, London, England. (International)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 McDowell, S. D. (presented 1988, June). {\i Hegemony and Trade in Services}. Paper presented at the meeting of Canadian Political Science Association, Windsor, Ontario. (National)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 McDowell, S. D. (presented 1987, June). {\i Building Consensus in the OECD: The Case of Transborder Data Flows}. Paper presented at the meeting of Canadian Political Science Association, Hamilton, Ontario. (International)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 McDowell, S. D. (presented 1987, April). {\i The International Information Order: Destruction from the Centre}. Paper presented at the meeting of International Studies Association, Washington, D.C., United States. (International)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \par \pard \keepn {\b Refereed Presentations at Conferences}\par \pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 McDowell, S. D., & Campbell, C. (presented 2003, May). {\i Crossing the Digital Divide: Beyond Access to Culture}. Presentation at the meeting of International Communication Association, San Diego, CA. (International)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 McDowell, S. D. (presented 2000, June). {\i Promoting Competition in U.S. Telecommunications}. Presentation at 50th Annual Conference, International Communication Association, Acapulco, Mexico. (International)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 McDowell, S. D. (presented 1997). {\i New Communication Technology and Global Community: A Resurgent Cosmopolitan Morality?} Presentation at the meeting of International Communication Association. (International)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \par \pard \keepn {\b Nonrefereed Presentations at Conferences}\par \pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 McDowell, S. D., & Steinberg, P. E. (presented 2005, June). {\i Managing Technical Change in a Shifting Cyberspace: Considering Competing Perspectives on Internet Development}. Presentation at Annual Conference, Canadian Communication Association, London, Ontario. (National)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn \par {\pard \qc\keepn {\b Contracts and Grants}\par }\pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn {\b Contracts and Grants Funded}\par \pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 McDowell, Stephen D (Co-PI), & Green, Cynthia A (PI). (Feb 2011\u8211?Oct 2011). {\i Fulbright Visiting Scholar Program for Iraq, 2011}. Funded by Council for International Exchange of Scholars. Total award $105,000. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 McDowell, Stephen D (Co-PI), & Green, Cynthia A (PI). (Mar 2010\u8211?Nov 2010). {\i Fulbright Visiting Scholar Program for Iraq, 2010-2011}. Funded by Council for International Exchange of Scholars. Total award $52,500. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 McDowell, Stephen D (PI). (May 2001\u8211?Mar 2008). {\i Administrative and Research Support - Florida Comm}. Funded by FSU Foundation. Total award $13,100. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn \par {\pard \qc\keepn {\b Service}\par }\pard \keepn \par {\pard \qc\keepn {\b Florida State University}\par }\pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn {\b FSU University Service}\par \pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Member, International Dissertation Research Awards (2011\u8211?present).\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Member, Review Committee, Research and Creativity Awards (2011\u8211?present).\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Presenter, Making the Transition Into Graduate School Workshop (2010\u8211?present).\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Member, International Activities Advisory Committee (2008\u8211?present).\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Member and Chair, Student Rights and Responsibilities Hearing Panel (2007\u8211?present).\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Chair, Global Pathways Certificate Academic Subcommittee (2007\u8211?present).\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Member (2018-2012) and Chair (2012- ), University Athletics Board, Athletics Academic Committee (2008\u8211?2012).\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Member, Council for Instruction (2000\u8211?2002).\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Member, Dissertation Grants Committee (2000\u8211?2002).\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Member, University Fellowships Committee (2000\u8211?2002).\par \pard \pard \par \pard \par \pard \keepn {\b FSU Department Service}\par \pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Director, School of Communication (2009\u8211?present).\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Chair, Department of Communication (2002\u8211?2009).\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Director, Graduate Studies (2000\u8211?2002).\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn \par {\pard \qc\keepn {\b The Profession}\par }\pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn {\b Editorial Board Membership(s)}\par \pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 {\i Bulletin of Perm State University: Philosophy, Psychology, Sociology. Member, International Board} (2011\u8211?present).\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 {\i International Journal of Digital Television} (2010\u8211?present).\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 {\i Journal of Agricultural Research, Pakistan} (2010\u8211?present).\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 {\i Journal of Information Policy} (2010\u8211?present).\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 {\i Chinese Journal of Communication} (2007\u8211?present).\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 {\i Government Information Quarterly} (2004\u8211?present).\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 {\i The Information Society} (2001\u8211?present).\par \pard \pard \par \pard \par \pard \keepn {\b Service to Professional Associations}\par \pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Member of Program Committee, Digital Government Society 13th Annual International Conference on Digital Government Research (2012).\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Peer Reviewer, Qatar National Research Foundation (2009\u8211?2012).\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Session Chair, University of the Punjab Conference (2011).\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 External Dissertation Examiner, Department of Geography, University of the Punjab (2011).\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Chair, ICA Task Force on New Possible Session Formats (2010\u8211?2011).\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Member, Task Force on Limiting Conference Submissions (2010).\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Chair, ICA Communication Law and Policy Division (2008\u8211?2010).\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 External Review Committee, Doctoral Program in Mass Media and Communication, Temple University (2009).\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 External Review Committee, University of Western Ontario, Doctoral Program in Media Studies in the Faculty of Media and Information Studies (2009).\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Member Review Panel, High Performance Computing Strategy for Ontario (2007).\par \pard \pard \par } r1ht}