{\rtf1\ansi \deflang1033\deff0{\fonttbl
{\f0\froman \fcharset0 \fprq2 Times New Roman;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\stylesheet{\fs20 \snext0 Normal;}
}\notabind\margl1440\margr1440\hyphhotz936\ftnbj\fet2\ftnrstpg\aftnnar\viewkind1\lytprtmet\subfontbysize \sectd \sbknone\headery1440\footery1440\endnhere\endnhere 
{\*\pnseclvl1\pndec\pnstart1{\pntxta .}}
{\*\pnseclvl2\pnlcltr\pnstart1{\pntxta .}}
{\*\pnseclvl3\pnlcrm\pnstart1{\pntxta .}}
{\*\pnseclvl4\pndec\pnstart1{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}
{\*\pnseclvl5\pnlcltr\pnstart1{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}
{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcrm\pnstart1{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}
{\*\pnseclvl7\pndec\pnstart1{\pntxta .}}
{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1{\pntxta .}}
{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1}

{\field{\*\fldinst {\lang4105  SEQ CHAPTER \\h \\r 1}}{\fldrslt }}\pard \fs24
Okay, here{\u8217\'92}s the wild thing...I had the title for this one before I even started writing it. Usually I \softline
come up with the title after I{\u8217\'92}ve finished a story, but this time it just came to me as I was thinking \softline
of ideas for this installment to the series. Even so, I{\u8217\'92}m not quite as proud of this one as I am of 2 \softline
and 3...but it{\u8217\'92}s still decent as far as I{\u8217\'92}m concerned. The M/M purists will shun this one though...I \softline
did a take on the M/F side of things for this one, which is where I{\u8217\'92}m not entirely pleased about it, \softline
having a complete lack of experience with females whatsoever. I{\u8217\'92}m already cooking up ideas for \softline
#5, and I{\u8217\'92}ll say that the F side of it will definitely have less relative emphasis...at least that{\u8217\'92}s what \softline
I{\u8217\'92}m planning. Okay, I{\u8217\'92}ve rambled on long enough, let{\u8217\'92}s get to things.\par
\par
{\plain \fs24 \b Pichu Pichu! #4: {\u8220\'93}Animal Magnetism{\u8221\'94}\par
}{\plain \fs24 \b written and copyright 2006 by Adilor\par
}{\plain \fs24 \b started 8/14/06\par
}{\plain \fs24 \b writing finished 9/30/06\par
}{\plain \fs24 \b typed and submitted 10/1/06\par
}{\plain \fs24 \b \par
}{\plain \fs24 {\u8220\'93}So, should we do anything about it?{\u8221\'94} Lily, the mother of the {\u8216\'91}chus, asks.\par
}{\plain \fs24 \par
}{\plain \fs24 {\u8220\'93}There{\u8217\'92}s probably no point in trying...they{\u8217\'92}re definitely hooked on it,{\u8221\'94} Laura replies. The two had \softline
agreed to meet for lunch to discuss the recent spike in sexual activity between their children. \softline
{\u8220\'93}Plus, it{\u8217\'92}s not like they{\u8217\'92}re hurting anything...they know their own limits...and as long as it stays \softline
between them, I don{\u8217\'92}t see it becoming a problem.{\u8221\'94}\par
}{\plain \fs24 \par
}{\plain \fs24 {\u8220\'93}Maybe you{\u8217\'92}re right...I just can{\u8217\'92}t help but feel uneasy about it. I mean, our kids are having sex \softline
with each other...{\u8221\'94}\par
}{\plain \fs24 \par
}{\plain \fs24 {\u8220\'93}Try not to think of it that way. They{\u8217\'92}re simply exploring another realm of social interaction. \softline
You and I could do it and there{\u8217\'92}d be little difference,{\u8221\'94} she adds with a smirk. Lily chuckles.\par
}{\plain \fs24 \par
}{\plain \fs24 {\u8220\'93}Good point. Well, we{\u8217\'92}d better be going, hour{\u8217\'92}s almost up.{\u8221\'94}\par
}{\plain \fs24 \par
}{\plain \fs24 {\u8220\'93}Indeed it is. I{\u8217\'92}ll see you later then.{\u8221\'94} The two slip out of the otherwise empty breakroom, Laura \softline
snatching a {\u8220\'93}Closed for Cleaning{\u8221\'94} sign off the door as she exits.\par
}{\plain \fs24 \par
}{\plain \fs24 \tab A couple of hours later, the kids in question pile off a bus, scramble to their houses, then \softline
reemerge out back, dashing to their huge snow-fort. They had begun work on it a week ago, and \softline
as the snow kept falling they kept improving upon it. It now stands at almost twice Nick{\u8217\'92}s (the \softline
tallest) height, sporting 4 rooms (one covered due to clever use of an outdoor table) and a heavily \softline
reinforced outer wall. It{\u8217\'92}s the best fort in town.\par
}{\plain \fs24 \par
}{\plain \fs24 {\u8220\'93}I{\u8217\'92}d say it{\u8217\'92}s more of a castle now,{\u8221\'94} Cody comments.\par
}{\plain \fs24 \par
}{\plain \fs24 {\u8220\'93}Yep, it{\u8217\'92}s pretty much the best snow castle ever,{\u8221\'94} Miles adds.\par
}{\plain \fs24 \par
}{\plain \fs24 {\u8220\'93}Agreed. To the command room!{\u8221\'94} Nick commands, the trio dashing inside to the biggest, \softline
covered room, partially lit by sunlight sneaking through the roof, and easily big enough to 
accommodate all 3.\par
}{\plain \fs24 \par
}{\plain \fs24 {\u8220\'93}So, now that we{\u8217\'92}re all here, what now?{\u8221\'94} Miles asks. Nick thinks for the shortest of moments.\par
}{\plain \fs24 \par
}{\plain \fs24 {\u8220\'93}I{\u8217\'92}ve got an idea,{\u8221\'94} he states, and without waiting for a response, quickly pulls down his snow-pants, revealing his hard, 3-inch shaft.\par
}{\plain \fs24 \par
}{\plain \fs24 {\u8220\'93}Horny as usual...that{\u8217\'92}s our Nick,{\u8221\'94} Miles observes.\par
}{\plain \fs24 \par
}{\plain \fs24 {\u8220\'93}What a coincidence, so am I,{\u8221\'94} Cody responds, revealing his 2.5 inches. {\u8220\'93}How about you, bro?{\u8221\'94} \softline
Miles whips out his 2-incher, completing the trio\par
}{\plain \fs24 \par
}{\plain \fs24 {\u8220\'93}Gang{\u8217\'92}s all here,{\u8221\'94} he says. None of them noticed the figure standing in the doorway until she \softline
inadvertently announced her presence by gasping slightly at seeing the 3 erections. All 3 quickly \softline
whip up their snow-pants and turn to see what had made the noise. A female Minun stands just \softline
outside the doorway, looking slightly frightened.\par
}{\plain \fs24 \par
}{\plain \fs24 {\u8220\'93}I{\u8217\'92}m so sorry! I didn{\u8217\'92}t mean to walk in on you guys...my brother and I were checking out the \softline
forts around here and I didn{\u8217\'92}t think anyone was in here and-{\u8220\'93}\par
}{\plain \fs24 \par
}{\plain \fs24 {\u8220\'93}Hey, it{\u8217\'92}s no big deal,{\u8221\'94} Nick interrupts.\par
}{\plain \fs24 \par
}{\plain \fs24 {\u8220\'93}Really?{\u8221\'94}\par
}{\plain \fs24 \par
}{\plain \fs24 {\u8220\'93}Yeah, no problem,{\u8221\'94} Miles chimes in.\par
}{\plain \fs24 \par
}{\plain \fs24 {\u8220\'93}Okay...I{\u8217\'92}d just hate to think I{\u8217\'92}d interrupted anything,{\u8221\'94} she replies.\par
}{\plain \fs24 \par
}{\plain \fs24 {\u8220\'93}Nah, it{\u8217\'92}s not like that...you just startled us,{\u8221\'94} Nick adds.\par
}{\plain \fs24 \par
}{\plain \fs24 {\u8220\'93}Okay. I{\u8217\'92}m Katie, by the way.{\u8221\'94}\par
}{\plain \fs24 \par
}{\plain \fs24 {\u8220\'93}We{\u8217\'92}re Nick, Cody, and Miles,{\u8221\'94} explains the older {\u8216\'91}chu, pointing to each in turn. {\u8220\'93}Miles and I \softline
are brothers; he{\u8217\'92}s a year younger than I am...8 and 9 actually. Nick{\u8217\'92}s 8 as well, but definitely the \softline
smartest of us.{\u8221\'94}\par
}{\plain \fs24 \par
}{\plain \fs24 {\u8220\'93}My brother and I are both 10,{\u8221\'94} Katie replies. {\u8220\'93}He{\u8217\'92}s never show me his thing though,{\u8221\'94} she adds.\par
}{\plain \fs24 \par
}{\plain \fs24 {\u8220\'93}It{\u8217\'92}s probably {\u8216\'91}cause you{\u8217\'92}re a girl. I bet he would if he had a brother instead,{\u8221\'94} Miles responds. \softline
{\u8220\'93}That{\u8217\'92}s how I feel about it, anyway.{\u8221\'94}\par
}{\plain \fs24 \par
}{\plain \fs24 {\u8220\'93}Maybe...I{\u8217\'92}ve asked him a few times but he wouldn{\u8217\'92}t.{\u8221\'94}\par
}{\plain \fs24 \par
}{\plain \fs24 {\u8220\'93}You should try to catch him playing with it,{\u8221\'94} Nick replies.\par
}{\plain \fs24 \par
}{\plain \fs24 {\u8220\'93}I don{\u8217\'92}t think he does...we{\u8217\'92}re almost always together.{\u8221\'94}\par
}{\plain \fs24 \par
}{\plain \fs24 {\u8220\'93}Maybe he{\u8217\'92}s just good at keeping it secret?{\u8221\'94} Cody suggests.\par
}{\plain \fs24 \par
}{\plain \fs24 {\u8220\'93}I dunno...I asked him once about it and he said no, and it{\u8217\'92}s really obvious when he{\u8217\'92}s lying about \softline
something, so I believe him.{\u8221\'94}\par
}{\plain \fs24 \par
}{\plain \fs24 {\u8220\'93}Well, if you really wanna see it, just wait until he{\u8217\'92}s asleep, then gently rub his sheath a bit,{\u8221\'94} \softline
Miles replies.\par
}{\plain \fs24 \par
}{\plain \fs24 {\u8220\'93}Wouldn{\u8217\'92}t that wake him up?{\u8221\'94} Cody interjects.\par
}{\plain \fs24 \par
}{\plain \fs24 {\u8220\'93}I{\u8217\'92}ve done it to you several times,{\u8221\'94} Miles responds with a grin.\par
}{\plain \fs24 \par
}{\plain \fs24 {\u8220\'93}So that{\u8217\'92}s why-{\u8220\'93}\par
}{\plain \fs24 \par
}{\plain \fs24 {\u8220\'93}Hang on, rub his what?{\u8221\'94} Katie interrupts.\par
}{\plain \fs24 \par
}{\plain \fs24 {\u8220\'93}His sheath. It{\u8217\'92}s where it stays when he{\u8217\'92}s not using it...like this.{\u8221\'94} Miles pulls down his snow-pants again, pointing to it. Katie kneels in front of him, getting a closer look.\par
}{\plain \fs24 \par
}{\plain \fs24 {\u8220\'93}I see...so I just do this then?{\u8221\'94} she raises a paw and strokes at the small bulge a bit. Miles sighs as \softline
his cock quickly rises to attention. {\u8220\'93}Oh wow...that doesn{\u8217\'92}t hurt, does it?{\u8221\'94}\par
}{\plain \fs24 \par
}{\plain \fs24 {\u8220\'93}Nope, it actually feels really good. Just don{\u8217\'92}t squeeze really hard or anything or it will hurt.{\u8221\'94}\par
}{\plain \fs24 \par
}{\plain \fs24 {\u8220\'93}Okay...so guys can do it too,{\u8221\'94} she comments.\par
}{\plain \fs24 \par
}{\plain \fs24 {\u8220\'93}Oh, so you do it as well?{\u8221\'94} Nick inquires.\par
}{\plain \fs24 \par
}{\plain \fs24 {\u8220\'93}Yeah, at least once a day.{\u8221\'94}\par
}{\plain \fs24 \par
}{\plain \fs24 {\u8220\'93}Hmm...interesting.{\u8221\'94}\par
}{\plain \fs24 \par
}{\plain \fs24 {\u8220\'93}What?{\u8221\'94}\par
}{\plain \fs24 \par
}{\plain \fs24 {\u8220\'93}Well,{\u8221\'94} Nick continues, {\u8220\'93}none of us have seen a girl do it, and you{\u8217\'92}ve never seen a boy do \softline
it...seems like a good chance for everyone to learn something.{\u8221\'94} Katie contemplates the idea for a \softline
moment.\par
}{\plain \fs24 \par
}{\plain \fs24 {\u8220\'93}Okay, sounds good to me.{\u8221\'94} Without hesitation she strips down, revealing her assets to the 3 \softline
horny males. All 3 go wide-eyed, getting their first glimpse of a naked female. Miles \softline
automatically moves a paw toward her already developing chest. {\u8220\'93}Hehe, feel free to explore if \softline
you didn{\u8217\'92}t already,{\u8221\'94} she instructs them. Miles gently fondles the soft orb, eliciting a slight sigh of \softline
pleasure from Katie. {\u8220\'93}You other two, feel free to jump in here.{\u8221\'94} Wasting no time, Cody and Nick 
expose themselves again and move in, the {\u8216\'91}chu taking the other breast while Nick crouches in \softline
front of her, examining her slit. {\u8220\'93}Go ahead, it won{\u8217\'92}t bite,{\u8221\'94} she giggles at him. Nick runs a paw \softline
around the outside for a moment before pushing a finger into her warm, moist depths. She sighs \softline
again, then gasps ad Miles replaces his paw with his mouth, running his tongue over the erect \softline
nipple. Cody quickly follows suit, causing her to shudder, her pussy getting wetter by the \softline
moment. Nick roams around with his other paw, and Katie gasps as he find the nub at the top of \softline
her entrance. {\u8220\'93}Ah yes, right there...just rub that thing and I{\u8217\'92}ll come in no time...{\u8221\'94} Nick does so, \softline
focusing all his attention on it. Her breathing quickens, and within seconds she orgasms, her \softline
entire body shaking. Her pussy clenches Nick{\u8217\'92}s fingers tightly, oozing a small amount of her \softline
female cum out onto his paw. After a few moments she regains her composure. {\u8220\'93}Okay,...now it{\u8217\'92}s \softline
my turn to help you guys out.{\u8221\'94} She detaches herself form the {\u8216\'91}chus for a moment and lays down \softline
in the middle of the room. {\u8220\'93}Let{\u8217\'92}s see...one of you can be up here,{\u8221\'94} she says, pointing between her \softline
twin mounds. Miles hops on quickly, positioning his dripping cock between them. {\u8220\'93}What{\u8217\'92}s \softline
this?{\u8221\'94} she asks, catching a bit in a paw to examine it closely.\par
}{\plain \fs24 \par
}{\plain \fs24 {\u8220\'93}It{\u8217\'92}s precum,{\u8221\'94} Miles explains. {\u8220\'93}It{\u8217\'92}s what comes out when guys are horny but before they actually \softline
cum.{\u8221\'94}\par
}{\plain \fs24 \par
}{\plain \fs24 {\u8220\'93}Oh, okay...I think I have something like that too. Well, anyway, I{\u8217\'92}ll squish my boobs together \softline
and you can just hump away, okay?{\u8221\'94} Miles nods in response.  She places a paw on either side and \softline
pushes them together, and miles starts his motions, quickly coating the crevice with his pre. {\u8220\'93}Ah, \softline
very nice...now, someone else can be down below.{\u8221\'94}\par
}{\plain \fs24 \par
}{\plain \fs24 {\u8220\'93}I{\u8217\'92}ll take it,{\u8221\'94} Nick says, {\u8220\'93}but, won{\u8217\'92}t you-{\u8220\'93}\par
}{\plain \fs24 \par
}{\plain \fs24 {\u8220\'93}Don{\u8217\'92}t worry, I can{\u8217\'92}t for at least a few more years.{\u8221\'94}\par
}{\plain \fs24 \par
}{\plain \fs24 {\u8220\'93}Okay.{\u8221\'94}\par
}{\plain \fs24 \par
}{\plain \fs24 {\u8220\'93}Hmm, but what about Cody?{\u8221\'94}\par
}{\plain \fs24 \par
}{\plain \fs24 {\u8220\'93}Ah, he{\u8217\'92}ll be behind me,{\u8221\'94} Nick replies, positioning himself.\par
}{\plain \fs24 \par
}{\plain \fs24 {\u8220\'93}Oh, I see...I never thought about that...is that better than just rubbing it?{\u8221\'94}\par
}{\plain \fs24 \par
}{\plain \fs24 {\u8220\'93}Yeah, it is. It{\u8217\'92}s a bit weird to get used to at first...but guys have a thing inside their butt that feels \softline
really good to push on,{\u8221\'94} Cody explains.\par
}{\plain \fs24 \par
}{\plain \fs24 {\u8220\'93}I see...alright then, whatever works for ya. You can start whenever you want Nick.{\u8221\'94} He pauses \softline
for a moment, bringing his tail tip in front of him, holding it aloft as it begins to ooze its liquid \softline
substance. After a few seconds, he moves it forward, squishing it into Miles{\u8217\'92} rear. The {\u8216\'91}chu \softline
groans in pleasure as the bulb fills his rectum. {\u8220\'93}Like that too? Wow, you guys have a lot of ways \softline
of doing it...{\u8221\'94}\par
}{\plain \fs24 \par
}{\plain \fs24 {\u8220\'93}Yeah, Nick{\u8217\'92}s pretty creative when it comes to new ways to have fun with ourselves and each 
other,{\u8221\'94} Cody replies, scooting in behind the Mew and pressing his cock into Nick{\u8217\'92}s bum, who \softline
groans as the shaft penetrates into him, then leans forward, pushing his own cock into Katie{\u8217\'92}s \softline
dripping pussy. She moans a bit as the object quickly pushes in to the hilt.\par
}{\plain \fs24 \par
}{\plain \fs24 {\u8220\'93}Wow...that{\u8217\'92}s way better than just using my fingers...how about you, Nick?{\u8221\'94}\par
}{\plain \fs24 \par
}{\plain \fs24 {\u8220\'93}It{\u8217\'92}s so tight and warm and wet...better than anything I{\u8217\'92}ve felt before...okay Cody, I{\u8217\'92}ll let you do \softline
most of the work and I{\u8217\'92}ll just try to match rhythm with you.{\u8221\'94}\par
}{\plain \fs24 \par
}{\plain \fs24 {\u8220\'93}Alright,{\u8221\'94} replies the {\u8216\'91}chu, wrapping his arms around Nick and thrusting away eagerly.\par
}{\plain \fs24 \par
}{\plain \fs24 {\u8220\'93}Ah, perfect...keep it up...{\u8221\'94} Katie sighs as Nick{\u8217\'92}s shaft slides in and out of her, their respective \softline
forms of precum mingling and oozing out in a steady trickle. A few moments later, a long groan \softline
from Miles announces the approach of his orgasm. {\u8220\'93}Are you close, Miles?{\u8221\'94} Katie inquires. \par
}{\plain \fs24 \par
}{\plain \fs24 {\u8220\'93}Yeah...harder, Nick...please...{\u8221\'94} he groans, humping faster, his swollen nuts pulling up to his \softline
shaft, preparing to release their built up load. Nick obliges, inflating the tail-bulb further, putting \softline
immense pressure on Miles{\u8217\'92} prostate; the {\u8216\'91}chu whines as his cock swells to its limit.\par
}{\plain \fs24 \par
}{\plain \fs24 {\u8220\'93}Yeah, that{\u8217\'92}s it Miles, let that cum go. I bet you{\u8217\'92}ve got a lot in here, huh?{\u8221\'94} she says, maneuvering \softline
her right arm so she can massage his sack with her paw, kneading the swollen orbs. Miles whines \softline
again, precum flowing from his cock in a steady stream, his orgasm just moments away. {\u8220\'93}Come \softline
on Miles, I wanna see how hard you can cum,{\u8221\'94} she urges, forcing her breasts together tightly. \softline
Miles{\u8217\'92} breath catches as his contractions begin, then he cries out as his cum explodes from his \softline
cock, coating Katie{\u8217\'92}s breasts and face, as well as the ground past her head, with his hot, gooey \softline
spooge. Miles humps frantically, his body completely overtaken by his orgasm. As it continues, \softline
his ass spasms around the tail-bulb, sending shockwaves of pleasure back up the appendage and \softline
into Nick{\u8217\'92}s body. He groans loudly, unable to resist the urge to hump faster into Katie{\u8217\'92}s hot, slick \softline
depths, pushing her to the edge. {\u8220\'93}Unh...ah...faster, Nick...I{\u8217\'92}m gonna...ah...{\u8221\'94} she gasps. Cody grabs \softline
onto Nick tightly, unable to hold a steady pace with the frenzied Mew, his own orgasm \softline
approaching fast. Katie gets there first, her walls clamping down hard on the shaft as she \softline
practically screams, her entire body shaking, causing Nick to go over the edge as well, his cock \softline
dumping shot after shot of his spooge into her depths. Meanwhile, on top, Miles finally \softline
collapses, taking a nipple into his mouth and sucking eagerly on it, further heightening Katie{\u8217\'92}s \softline
already intense orgasm. She moans loudly as another orgasm overtakes her, combining with the \softline
waning effects of the previous one as her body explodes with pleasure, her pussy milking Nick{\u8217\'92}s \softline
cock for all it{\u8217\'92}s worth. As Nick{\u8217\'92}s thrusting frenzy continues, his rear spasms around Cody{\u8217\'92}s cock, \softline
throwing the {\u8216\'91}chu to the edge of his own orgasm.\par
}{\plain \fs24 \par
}{\plain \fs24 {\u8220\'93}Ah...Nick...gimme the tail, quick...I{\u8217\'92}m gonna cum...{\u8221\'94} Nick pulls it loose from Miles{\u8217\'92} rear and \softline
holds it up next to Cody, who grabs it and stuffs it into his bum. Nick then slows to a halt, going \softline
practically limp as his orgasm finally dies down.  {\u8220\'93}Now...inflate it...hard...please...{\u8221\'94} the {\u8216\'91}chu \softline
gasps, still on the verge of cumming. The bulb swells fast, and Cody whines loudly as he finally \softline
goes over the edge, gripping the Mew tight and humping fast, pounding Nick{\u8217\'92}s prostate hard and, \softline
at the same time, clamping down hard around the tail-bulb. Nick gasps suddenly as he feels the 
onset of another orgasm, his cock swelling to its maximum again. Too weak to do much about it, \softline
he simply lays there, allowing Cody{\u8217\'92}s motions to continue to stimulate his cock.\par
}{\plain \fs24 \par
}{\plain \fs24 {\u8220\'93}Uh...ah, Cody, you{\u8217\'92}re gonna make me cum again...keep going...don{\u8217\'92}t stop, please...{\u8221\'94} As it \softline
approaches fast, he reaches up, grabs Miles, and flips him over, taking his softening cock into his \softline
mouth and sucking the {\u8216\'91}chu back to full hardness. Miles whines as his super-sensitive shaft \softline
receives even more attention, and Katie picks up on it as well, resuming her paw-work on his \softline
nutsack.\par
}{\plain \fs24 \par
}{\plain \fs24 {\u8220\'93}Wow...still more in here? Okay...let{\u8217\'92}s see if you...can cum again before I do...{\u8221\'94} she gasps, \softline
another orgasm of her own nearing thanks to Cody{\u8217\'92}s continued thrusting. Miles whines again and \softline
again, his young {\u8216\'91}chu body reacting fast to the continued stimulation, then suddenly sits up and \softline
grabs Nick{\u8217\'92}s head, forcing his mouth onto his cock as he cums hard, shooting his cum into the \softline
Mew{\u8217\'92}s mouth. Nick sputters a bit, unable to swallow fast enough to keep up with Miles{\u8217\'92} \softline
explosions of spooge, then is forced to release the cock in order to gasp as his next orgasm clicks \softline
to life. Katie responds by grabbing the shaft with her other paw and stroking fast, Miles{\u8217\'92} cock \softline
spraying his cum all over them. As Cody finally stops thrusting and collapses, Nick barely finds \softline
the strength to thrust into Katie, his cock dumping even more spooge into her. The Minun cries \softline
out as she orgasms yet again, another wave of her own cum mixing with Nick{\u8217\'92}s and the remains \softline
of their previous orgasms. The frenzy continues for almost a minute before all finally go limp, \softline
the snowy walls around them glistening with melted water from the heat exuding from the pile of \softline
bodies. After a couple minutes, Katie manages to extract herself from the tangle, and stands up, \softline
dripping spooge from her pussy. {\u8220\'93}Wow guys...I think I{\u8217\'92}m gonna have to go home and take a \softline
nap...that really wore me out,{\u8221\'94} she says as she cleans herself as best she can, then dresses again. \par
}{\plain \fs24 \par
}{\plain \fs24 {\u8220\'93}Yeah, we usually do too,{\u8221\'94} Miles comments, laying face up on the ground, covered in spooge, his \softline
dripping cock receding into hiding. Cody pulls out of Nick, removes the tail, and rolls off to the \softline
side, breathing heavily.\par
}{\plain \fs24 \par
}{\plain \fs24 {\u8220\'93}That{\u8217\'92}s the first time that any of us has came more than once though,{\u8221\'94} he adds.\par
}{\plain \fs24 \par
}{\plain \fs24 {\u8220\'93}Yeah, that was really amazing...definitely something we{\u8217\'92}ll have to do more often.{\u8221\'94} Nick \softline
comments, also spread out on his back, playing with the leftover spooge dripping from his \softline
sheath.\par
}{\plain \fs24 \par
}{\plain \fs24 {\u8220\'93}What, you mean you{\u8217\'92}ve only had 1 at a time before this?{\u8221\'94} Katie asks.\par
}{\plain \fs24 \par
}{\plain \fs24 {\u8220\'93}Yeah, we{\u8217\'92}ve never tried to do more than one,{\u8221\'94} Miles replies.\par
}{\plain \fs24 \par
}{\plain \fs24 {\u8220\'93}Odd...I almost never have just one; I usually get 2 or 3, sometimes even more,{\u8221\'94} Katie responds.\par
}{\plain \fs24 \par
}{\plain \fs24 {\u8220\'93}Maybe it{\u8217\'92}s a girl thing or something,{\u8221\'94} Cody speculates. {\u8220\'93}Like, they can get more of them a lot \softline
easier than guys can.{\u8221\'94}\par
}{\plain \fs24 \par
}{\plain \fs24 {\u8220\'93}Maybe...well, we{\u8217\'92}ll have to figure out more stuff about it sometime. Right now I{\u8217\'92}m gonna go 
find my brother and see what he{\u8217\'92}s up to.{\u8221\'94}\par
}{\plain \fs24 \par
}{\plain \fs24 {\u8220\'93}Okay. Hey, you should bring him back here later and we can have a big snowball fight or \softline
something,{\u8221\'94} Miles adds.\par
}{\plain \fs24 \par
}{\plain \fs24 {\u8220\'93}Alright, I{\u8217\'92}ll ask him. Bye!{\u8221\'94} She waves as she dashes out, leaving the guys alone once again. \softline
They proceed to clean up as best as can be done with melting snow and then redress.\par
}{\plain \fs24 \par
}{\plain \fs24 {\u8220\'93}So, any ideas on what to do next?{\u8221\'94} Cody asks.\par
}{\plain \fs24 \par
}{\plain \fs24 {\u8220\'93}Well, I{\u8217\'92}ve been thinking we should add a second floor to our castle,{\u8221\'94} Nick suggests.\par
}{\plain \fs24 \par
}{\plain \fs24 {\u8220\'93}Awesome idea! We could probably use the table above us for the floor, otherwise it{\u8217\'92}d be way \softline
too hard to do,{\u8221\'94} Miles adds.\par
}{\plain \fs24 \par
}{\plain \fs24 {\u8220\'93}Cool. Then all we need is to make a staircase and-{\u8220\'93}\par
}{\plain \fs24 \par
}{\plain \fs24 {\u8220\'93}Hey, have any of you guys seen my sister?{\u8221\'94} a voice asks from the doorway behind them.\par
}{\plain \fs24 \par
}{\plain \fs24 \b To Be Continued\par
}{\plain \fs24 \b -----\par
}{\plain \fs24 Bwahaha, I did it. I used the dreaded TBC. So sue me. It was mostly because this was taking \softline
forever to finish and I was really starting to lose track of what was going on...so I decided to turn \softline
it into a 2-parter. Now, I know I said up top that I really didn{\u8217\'92}t like this one as much as the \softline
others...but I did so much revising on the way through that I{\u8217\'92}m about ready to consider it on par \softline
with 2 and 3. Sometimes my brain just kicks in and generates a ton of good ideas, and other times \softline
it just tries to shut down on me. Go figure. I{\u8217\'92}ve already got ideas cooking for #5, but chances are \softline
I won{\u8217\'92}t start it for a while...work{\u8217\'92}s got me really busy lately and it{\u8217\'92}s tough to manage what little \softline
free time I do have. I{\u8217\'92}ll get there eventually.\par
}{\plain \fs24 \par
}{\plain \fs24 \b -Adilor, Master of Many Pointless Skills}}  
9	0\š0b