{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang2057{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.14393}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang9 Maami\rquote s Visit Turns My Honeymoon\par
Hi guys, this is Karan back with another story. I seem to be obsessed with elderly ladies as is evident from my previous two stories about my cousin sister Rekha, who is about 8 years elder to me. This story is about my sexual fantasy, my maami (my maternal uncle\rquote s wife) Kanika. This happened just a few days back but the background to this story dates back a lot farther.\par
\par
My maami is a fair, slightly plump lady in her mid-30. She got married to my uncle in 1997 and had a boy (in \rquote 98) and a girl (in \rquote 00). No wonder they were born so quickly after marriage. I am sure my mama must have been really horny about her since the day he first saw her. Anyways, as I said, she is slightly plump and has excess \ldblquote baggage\rdblquote  at the right places. Her ass is a masterpiece and she has got one of the most firms and round tits I have ever seen.\par
\par
I don\rquote t know when I started being obsessed with her body and started looking at her in the \ldblquote wrong way\rdblquote , but when I did, I was sure I needed to fuck her. She lives in a village and wears sarees almost all the time. She is also very active in household work. I used to sit talking to her in such a way that I could stare at her boobs clearly. I also got a chance to see her breast feeding her children at times. I must have jerked off to her a thousand times by now.\par
\par
It happened some three years back when I visited my native place for summer vacations. This was some 14-15 months before I had that wonderful week with Rekha when I screwed her in all positions and at all times and in all her holes. Anyways, by the time I went to Kanika, I had tasted sex once (about 3-4 years ago) and had been dying to fuck another lady. My first time with Rekha had changed my way of looking at women. Now I used to look at their chest more than I did before losing my virginity.\par
\par
That act of looking at women\rquote s chests had turned to staring at them shamelessly because of my sexual hunger. I knew I needed to fuck someone to get ease but wasn\rquote t getting the chance to do so. So when I came to Kanika, I started openly staring at her booty. She must have guessed my intentions very easily as they were written large on my face. The \ldblquote tharak\rdblquote  was clearly visible in my eyes and my pants; the tent never went limp when she was with me.\par
\par
My stay at my native place was for a week and I knew I had to do something in that time to relieve myself of the sexual tension. I also got many chances to express my feelings when we used to be alone, like when uncle used to go to his shop and children used to go to their tuition classes, I would help her with household work. But I never had the courage to tell her my intentions. All I could do was touching her as if touching unintentionally in the pretext of helping with the chores or smell her used bra and panties when she wasn\rquote t around.\par
\par
One day when I was in my room shagging off while smelling her bra and panties, she saw me. I had her underwear in my left hand and my dick in the right. She hid behind the window and watched me do it. I did not know that she was watching me, however her way of treating me changed from that day. She used to make skin-to-skin contact more frequently. She was trying to hint me that she knew I want to have sex with her and all I needed to do is to take the initiative, she would not resist. But I never had the courage to tell her my feelings.\par
\par
Now she used to see me doing it daily. Finally on the day I was to leave, she hugged me for a pretty long time and kissed me on my cheek. That was unusual as this was the first time ever she had touched her boobs on my chest (this was the first time she had hugged me). Her soft boobs being crushed on my chest gave me an instant hard-on and she could clearly feel it as my dick was now pressed hard on her pelvic region. My sexual urge was now overcoming me and I wanted to tear her clothes off and fuck her then and there. But her family was there too, so I couldn\rquote t do anything.\par
\par
However that bold move from her gave me a hint about her intentions too. Still I needed to be sure before going any further. So I started calling her more frequently. This continued till the episode with Rekha happened and then everything went back to normal. Or that\rquote s what I thought. I was pretty satisfied sexually now compared to the time of my visit to Kanika\rquote s place.\par
\par
Now three years had passed since that hug and kiss-on-the-cheek took place between Kanika and me. I had kind of forgotten that by now. And suddenly one fine day she turned up at my door on account of Ganesh festival. She had come alone as her husband was busy with his shop and her children with their exams. She had kept her children with my mamaji and had come to visit us and see some of the local ganpatis.\par
\par
She was here for all ten days of the festival. We used to go out on ganpati darshan almost every day. By the way, I forgot to mention that I left my job and am searching for another one. So I had all the time in the world to take her to different Ganesh pandals across the city. We used to go out together, my mother, Kanika and I. On the second last day of Ganesh festival, my mother had to go to Lalbaug ka Raja with her friends and maami said that she is tired by all the travelling day-in, day-out. So she stayed back. My dad went to his office. That left me alone with my fantasy babe for up to evening, when my father would come home.\par
\par
She woke me up and for a change; she was not wearing a saree. She was wearing one of my mother\rquote s nighties which she must have changed into after my dad left. She was looking extremely sexy and I felt like taking her down then and there. But I was not sure about her intentions. So I kept the idea on hold and brushed my teeth and did my morning chores when she called me for tea. After having tea, I said that I will take bath now. She hmm\rquote ed and took the tea cups to the kitchen. While picking up the cups, she bent in front of me; and it was just enough for me to get an ample glimpse of her heavenly globes. Although I did not get to see her nipples, one thing was sure, She was not wearing a bra!!!\par
\par
I was surprised by this as this was the first time she was not wearing a bra in front of me. I could clearly see her bra through her blouse whenever we were together and I was staring at her tits. I then went to my room to take my undies and towel and it struck to me that this could very well be the confirmation sign I had been waiting for all these years. I should cash in this golden chance in that case. So I took off all my clothes, wrapped the towel around my waist, went to the kitchen and told her that I want her to bath me, like the old times when I was little. She argued with me saying that it\rquote s not possible now as I was not little anymore and it was not any festival as well, etc. etc. I said it is a festival going on now. She still made some lame excuses as she did not want it to seem outright obvious from her side.\par
\par
Still I was not going to give up and she was eager too, so this did not last for long and finally she asked me, \ldblquote Why do you really want me to bathe you? I want the real reason.\rdblquote  I was silent and still couldn\rquote t say it. Finally she said it \ldblquote Is it because you fantasize about me? Want to see me naked?? Fuck me??? Don\rquote t seem surprised, I have seen you jerk off to my underwear and have also seen the look in your eyes and the expression on your face whenever you are with me.\rdblquote\par
\par
Now I was sure she too wants it. If she was opposed to it, then she would have scolded me when she saw me masturbating the first time, she would not have come here alone and most of all, she would not have been wearing that sexy nightie that too without a bra. She would have worn one of her usual sarees.\par
\par
So I went towards her and grabbed her in my arms and hugged her tight. She too responded positively and hugged me equally tightly. That was it. Now she was mine. The soft satin cloth of the nightie was not meant to hide the softness her boobs. I could feel them on my bare chest through the nightie. It felt really great. Her nipples were hard and poking in my chest. My hands started moving all over her body. Then I grabbed her boobies over the nightie and started massaging them.\par
\par
She grabbed me tighter and we started kissing on the lips. This was the first time we were kissing. I wanted that kiss to last forever. Our tongues were lapping each other\rquote s and my hands were crushing her boobs now. Then I slid my right hand down to her pubic region. My hand journeyed through her soft stomach, her belly and finally on to her pussy. I was taken aback by surprise when I reached there as she was not even wearing panties and had also cleanly shaven her pussy for me. She was practically walking naked in the house just wearing the nightie.\par
\par
I was so much surprised that the kiss broke and I looked at her in amazement. I had never thought that she would be so much horny. I told her so to which she smiled and said, \ldblquote You have not yet seen my horniness.\rdblquote  My joy was out of bounds and we started kissing each other madly while I started rubbing her pussy over the nightie with my right hand. Meanwhile my left hand traveled down her sexy back and grabbed her big-fat ass over the nightie. Her ass cheeks were very soft and chubby. I ran my fingers on her ass crack and lifted her nightie to expose it. Then I poked her asshole and tried putting a finger in it to which she stopped me and said, \ldblquote Not so fast tiger. We have a lot of time with us.\rdblquote  That meant that I could get to fuck her ass too.\par
\par
I again broke the kiss and took a step back to see her properly. There stood my sex fantasy in that sexy nightie. But I hated that cloth on her and immediately took it off. It fell on the ground. The view was worth everything. Rekha was no match to this hotness. My dick had become so hard that it did not contain in the towel anymore and made a large tent in it. She saw that and giggled and took off the towel. I wasn\rquote t wearing anything under it anyways, so my manhood sprang up and started staring at her open chest.\par
\par
Her beauty was driving me crazy and I immediately carried her to the bathroom and started the shower. The water ran down her hot body, down from her hair, to her beautiful face, down to her chest, on her tits, trickling down to her navel, wetting her pussy and finally down her white, full thighs and legs. I started kissing her again under the shower and that must have lasted about 5 mins. By now, we were completely wet. Then she said, \ldblquote Let me bath you now as you had asked of me.\rdblquote  I said, \ldblquote Please, but I will wash you too. I just can\rquote t stand her not touching you.\rdblquote  She smiled and agreed. She took the soap, made a lot of lather in her hands and started applying it on me.\par
\par
She started with my chest, going down to my stomach and further down to my thighs. She left my dick for the last. She applied lather nicely on my thighs and legs, rubbing her hands on my inner thighs and my balls. Then she went behind me and surprised me with one of her many tricks. This time she did not apply soap to my back by making lather on her hands, instead, she applied soap on her boobs and started rubbing them all over my back. That was too much for me. As soon as I was going to turn, she grabbed my dick and started stroking it. She used a lot of soap and stroked my dick for a pretty long time.\par
\par
Her boobs were pressed against my back and both of us were breathing heavily. She was also talking dirty in my ears to make me hornier. She said, \ldblquote I suppose this is exactly what you wanted. Give me your cum. I want it.\rdblquote  It was very difficult for me to hold it any longer and I told her I was gonna come. She stopped stroking and grabbed my balls and pulled them down.\par
\par
She knew that this wouldn\rquote t hold me for long and I would come in some time now, so she turned me and got on her knees. That was another trick from her basket of horniness. She was a total slut. She washed my dick and took it in her mouth. I had had it. I came immediately and in loads. She gulped down everything and kept sucking my dick till I picked her up and kissed her. I told her that you are a total slut. She smiled and said, \ldblquote This is nothing. Abhi to bahot kuch baaki hai, mere randwe.\rdblquote  I kissed her again and took the soap from her and started rubbing it on her body.\par
\par
To start with, I rubbed it on her boobs and nearby region for a long time. Then I lifted her arms and she was clean shaven there too. So I applied soap on my face and rubbed it in her armpits to apply soap there. She understood that I was equally dirty, or may be even more, at sex. I cleaned her armpits for our \ldblquote session\rdblquote . She asked me, \ldblquote It seems like you are not a virgin. Are you?\rdblquote  I told her, \ldblquote No. But how could you guess?\rdblquote  She said, \ldblquote The horniness that you possess, it is just like a hungry tiger who has tasted meat. Once a tiger has tasted meat, he becomes addicted to it and would do anything to get it from anywhere. The same hunger can be seen in you. Second, virgins do not last for so long generally, especially around ladies like me. And lastly, you believe in really dirty sex, which you demonstrated by your love for my armpits.\rdblquote\par
\par
I praised her for her observation power and continued applying soap to her hot body. Then she asked me whom had I fucked. I said, \ldblquote You talk of virgins and sex like you have had a lot of experience with them. Also, the way you seduced me, the things you said to me and the boldness with which you said them, you seem to be a fairly confident woman in these matters yourself. Have you ever had sex with anyone other than my mama?\rdblquote  I was rubbing her pussy when I asked this question. She looked at me as if I had offended her, but then smiled and said, \ldblquote You have a good sense of observation too. But I asked first. So you tell me first, then I will let out my secrets.\rdblquote\par
\par
I agreed to it, but said let\rquote s do this after we have had sex. We will get a lot of time to talk about these things but not so much time to have sex. She said, \ldblquote You are right. Let\rquote s fuck and then talk.\rdblquote  By now, the shower had washed away all the soap from our bodies, so I got down on my knees and buried my face in her pussy. She was already wet down there with her juices. I inserted my tongue deep in her pussy and started in-and-out motion with it for some time. Then I put her left leg on my shoulder and licked her pussy from the clit to her asshole. Her pussy tasted great and so did her asshole. I put my tongue in her ass too. She moaned all the time I licked her. I then inserted two of my fingers in her pussy and finger-fucked her while licking it. I must have done this for about 5 mins when she pulled me up and guided my dick into her vagina.\par
\par
That was it. The divine moment I had been waiting for all my life. I was inside her. My dick was throbbing in her hot pussy. As I entered her hot furnace, both of us sighed and let out a soft moan, \ldblquote aaaahhhhhhhh\rdblquote . Then I kissed her on her lips like no one ever and started stroking her. The water was falling on us and I was humping her standing in the shower. My big, fat dick was moving in and out of her pussy.\par
\par
She was a master at controlling the muscles of her vagina. She contracted and relaxed her pussy walls in order to make it a bit tight for me. I grabbed her tits and started sucking them while she was bouncing on my dick. We fucked in this position for about 10 min and then changed to doggie style. This is my favorite position as you can hump the beauty while you stare at her big, fat ass and her cute asshole while you can also reach out and grab her tits. You have complete control over the act in this position. Her moans were getting louder by every stroke. I bent on her and grabbed her tits. I massaged them for a while in this position till I was nearing my orgasm. Then I straightened up, grabbed her waist and humped her wildly for some time. By now she had started screaming.\par
\par
After some time in this position, I made her stand and pounded her pussy from behind. She reached out to the back of my head and grabbed my hair. There is a mirror in the bathroom and I turned us in that position so that we face the mirror. This way I could see her beautiful face, her big tits and fair armpits in the mirror. She saw me staring at her armpits and adjusted her position a little so that her left armpit was on my mouth. I started kissing and licking her armpit madly. None of us was here on earth now. Both of us were in the seventh heaven.\par
\par
I was going to come and she was already having an orgasm. She was screaming like crazy now and trying to kiss me while I was going mad with frenzy and pounding her with all the power in me. The strokes were very fast and deep. I was grunting and I came, inside her pussy. With deep strong strokes, I emptied my balls inside her.\par
This is continued incident with her.\par
\par
After about a week of fucking her at my place, I was not satisfied with her yet. The day came when she was to leave for her place. I asked my parents to accompany her as she was taking a night bus alone and I had been home for a very long time now. So I was getting bored. (Well, this is what I told them. They agreed and gave me the permission to go with her and stay there for a week. I was overjoyed and she too was happy with this. She too was not done with me yet.\par
\par
We caught the bus that night for her town. It was an overnight journey and we were supposed to reach by 6 am. As it was cold, mom had packed a blanket as well for my journey. I covered both of us, Kanika and me, with it. As the bus left the city, the outside lights kind of went out. It became completely dark and we could hardly see anyone. It was a 2X2 sitter and I had let Kanika take the window seat which was to my right. This was according to my plan which she knew about.\par
\par
At about 1.30 am I started my work. I placed my left hand over her left breast and started caressing it. She already knew about this and hence had been ready for it. She was not wearing a bra under the blouse and had also undone couple of hooks of the blouse for me. I massaged her boob over the blouse for a while and then it became difficult for me to control myself. I undid the blouse altogether and started pressing her bare boob. I cupped it, pressed it, and pinched her nipple lightly with my thumb and index finger.\par
\par
She was enjoying it and had kept her eyes closed. She had also taken her bangles off a little while ago so that they wouldn\rquote t make any sound. Now she moved her left hand down to my crotch and started rubbing her hand over my dick. Then she undid the zipper of my pant and pulled my dick out of the underwear. I looked at her and saw her staring back into my eyes. We kissed each other on the lips slowly. She was playing with my tool which was now getting ready for action while I was playing with her soft boobs.\par
\par
After some time like this, I diverted my attention (and my hand) to her crotch. My hand moved down her body and I picked her saree up from her legs to her thighs. Then I let my hand in between her legs towards her panties. I was a bit nervous and so was she as this was our first time in public. But this made it even more thrilling. I moved my hand over her soft thighs tickling her and arousing her more. She drew a deep breath when I reached her panties. It was very warm and slightly moist. I knew she was hot for it.\par
\par
In the meanwhile, I was leaking precum and she could sense the building pressure in me. She slowed down her movements to prolong my orgasm. I put my right hand around her back onto her other breast and started playing with it. My left hand in that time started moving up and down on her panties, rubbing her pussy. Then I slid the panties aside and hit the jackpot. Her pussy had become wet by now. She was highly excited and it is a miracle she controlled herself from moaning (she told me this afterwards.)\par
\par
I rubbed her bare pussy and clit for a while and then entered her. She was wet and hot inside. I immediately felt like taking her down and fucking her brains out in the bus itself. Fuck the world; I want to screw my lady. That is what was on my mind then. I wanted to enter her pussy real bad. The pressure was building in me and my grip on her boob was strengthening. She knew I was going to cum any time now. So she did something I wasn\rquote t expecting. She went inside the blanket and took my dick in her mouth.\par
\par
Oh that was great! She was giving me a blowjob. Kanika was giving me a blowjob. My dream lady was giving me a blowjob in a bus full of people. It was too much for me. At first she licked my dick from the root to tip. Then she took the mushroom head in her mouth and sucked it like a lollipop. Her tongue was moving on the tip and giving me sensations out of this world. She then started bouncing her head on the dick and slowly with each bounce started taking more and more of my thing in her sweet hole.\par
\par
In about 4-5 min the whole thing was in her mouth. She was deep-throating me in public. I had had enough. I could not control now and I let go of myself. I came in loads in her pretty mouth. She stopped bouncing her head on me and started sucking. She took everything in and sucked me dry. Then she cleaned her mouth with the blanket and came up. I kissed her. I was satisfied for the time being but I knew she wasn\rquote t done yet. She hadn\rquote t come yet. She was kissing me like a wild animal. That means she was close.\par
\par
All this time, my finger had come out of her hot furnace and my hands were all over her breasts. I immediately went inside the blanket and took her boobs in my mouth and inserted my left hand in her pussy. We knew I could not do an oral to her here in the bus but I could surely get her off. So I sucked her tits and fingered her hole. My thumb started working with her clit and I inserted my index and middle fingers in her pussy. She was gripping me tight with her pussy. I started the in-out motion with my hand.\par
\par
An intense orgasm here would mean we are dead. I was worried about that but she knew this may be. She did not let the orgasm build to that level and let go pretty much quickly. However, it was pretty wild and she did move a lot. Luckily she did not make any noise all this while. Her juices were all over my fingers and I could feel her orgasm happening. I kissed her while she was cumming to suppress any sound. Plus I thank the government buses for they make a hell lot of sound themselves. Whatever sound we did make was suppressed due to that.\par
\par
Once she was done, I broke the kiss and brought my hand up for us to lick it. We licked her cum off my fingers together with her tongue licking one side of my finger and mine licking the other side of the same finger. Our tongues were touching each other in the process. We did this with both the fingers and then kissed each other madly. By now we had known that the bus is making too much noise for us to get caught kissing. And now we were kind of in the heaven so we did not care as well. We kissed each other with our tongues lapping each other and trying to explore each other\rquote s mouths. This continued for about 10 min.\par
\par
Now we were done for the night and I checked the time. It was about 2.00 am. We adjusted ourselves properly and slept for the night but not before I promised her that I would lick her pussy and her ass as I could not do it tonight. She woke me up in the morning as our stop had arrived. We got down and found mamaji waiting for us. We went home and freshened up. It was a holiday so nothing could happen that day, or night.\par
\par
The main day was the next day. As mamaji went to his shop and the children went to school I was alone with Kanika. She came to me and we kissed like hell. I knew she wanted it then and there. I told her I have a surprise for her. We will not do just plain sex; let\rquote s play a game before we fuck. She was annoyed. She said you are not a kid any more to play games. Cut the crap and just take me down. I promised her she would love it, just hear me out at least. She agreed to hear the proposition. I told her the name of the game and the rules.\par
\par
The game was strip poker, with a slight customisation in it. The rules were simple. We were not playing poker anyway as that would consume a lot of time. We were just going to play high card. I would deal two cards, one to each. The player with the higher card wins the round. He/she could tell the other player to take a piece of clothing off or could do anything with the other player. Once all the clothes of one player are taken off and still if he/she doesn\rquote t win the next round, the winner could do whatever he/she likes with the other player. The game ends when both the players are buck naked at which point another round will be played to decide who dominates the sex. It will be the winner\rquote s choice as to what sort of sex (simple fuck, love making, dirty, hardcore, role play, etc.) they will have and the other player has to agree to it. She agreed in a flash.\par
\par
As you can see, I have not used the word loser or the one who loses the round. I only referred to him/her as the other player simply because no one loses here. We play to fuck and fuck is what we get to do; so win-win situation for both. Now let me describe the clothing as this is an important part of this game. Obviously she was wearing saree and everything that goes with it. She had taken off her mangalsutra and other ornaments so we don\rquote t have to play extra rounds to take them off. I had requested her that she keeps her bra on as I had always fantasied taking her bra off myself. And she had asked me to wear a banyan, a loose shirt and a lungi without underwear so that she could see my tent.\par
\par
We sat cross legged on the floor and started the game. I dealt the cards. She won the first round and asked me to take off my shirt which I did. Then I won the next round and asked her to take off her blouse without removing her pallu. I always fantasied seeing a woman in saree without a blouse or a bra. That was what I was planning to do to her. She took off her blouse and we played the next round. I won again and I removed her bra. That\rquote s it. My fantasy had come true; fantasy of taking Kanika\rquote s bra off and fantasy of seeing a woman in saree minus the blouse and bra. She was looking hot as hell in that attire. The dark orange saree made her look super hot. She tied the knot of her hair and gave me an ample view of her clean shaven armpits. I gave a flying kiss to her to signal I am going to kiss her there.\par
\par
I won third round in a row and this time I decided to kiss and lick my prize for a while. I kissed, sucked, licked and slowly bit her boobs and then licked and kissed her armpits. Her body was getting warm due to excitement. She was slightly sweating. Her tits were wet with sweat and her armpits slightly smelled of sweat. She was a tasty woman. After this we kissed and I was losing control over myself but she brought me back. I dealt again and this time she won. I thought she might kiss me but instead she asked me to take my banyan off. I asked her why she blew off an opportunity to kiss and do something to me. She said that the game is a slow seduction and it would become difficult to control either one of us this time and we would break the rules of the game. Let\rquote s go by the rules and have fun by it.\par
\par
I found it dumb as anyway we are to fuck so why give a fuck about the rules of the game or the game itself. But I had to agree with her as the game was my idea. Now she was staring at my tent. I won the next two rounds and took her saree and petticoat (underskirt) off. Now she was squatting on the floor wearing only panties which had a wet patch near her crotch. She was feeling a bit shy and tried to hide it but I was staring at her wet panties shamelessly. I asked her not to hide anything as it was against the rules of the game. She took her hands off the crotch and gave me a proper uninterrupted view of her wet panties. They were white panties and as they had become wet, they had become somewhat transparent. I could see her pussy through them. My tent was growing bigger now.\par
\par
Her wet panties were also emanating a kind of a smell which was intoxicating and dragging me towards the patch. My precum could now be seen on the lungi. She also loved the view. On winning the next round, she removed my lungi and gave a kiss to my thing. Although this was against the rules I didn\rquote t care. I wouldn\rquote t care if she gave me a blowjob now. Anyway she did not. So now I was sitting there without any clothes on and she was sitting there only in her panties. I won the next round and took her panties off and now she was buck naked. The next round was supposed to decide who dominates sex but there was a twist. I wasn\rquote t buck naked. I still had my wrist watch on. She forgot about that. I told her about it and said she needs to win the round to get it removed.\par
\par
We were sitting on the floor cross legged without a piece of clothing on (wrist watch is not a cloth). This way of sitting stretched her pussy apart and I could see the insides of her pussy clearly. The insides of her pussy were pink and wet with her juice. Her pussy seemed inviting. The smell had intensified now and I wanted to dive in between her legs and eat her up. I won the next round and didn\rquote t wait for her to ask me what I wanted to do. I just dived in between her legs and put my tongue out to lick her pussy. She was still sitting in the same position and I had my head in her pussy.\par
\par
My tongue was now licking her pussy hole to clit and she was pushing me in her. My hands were moving all over her back and her ass. I groped her soft bum and started squeezing it. But this sitting position made it difficult to get access to her full ass. So I made her lie down and lift her ass up for me. This way I had her whole pussy and her ass to me. I ate her pussy greedily and she was moaning loudly now. She told me to eat her pussy and her ass just like I had promised her in the bus.\par
\par
I pushed my tongue deep in her hole and smelled her pussy. My nose was almost touching her clit. The smell was driving me crazy. I tongue fucked her pussy for a while and then gave a long lick to her from clit to ass-hole. Now it was the turn of her ass-hole to get banged. I touched the tip of my tongue lightly at the tip of her ass-hole and she shuddered at the feeling of it. She had grabbed my hair and was pushing me in. So I grabbed her bum with both my hands and spread it apart to open the entrance to her holy hole.\par
\par
I stuck my tongue in her ass and licked her there. The licking and tongue fucking her ass continued for some time. She was getting really hot now and was playing with her pussy vigorously. She was nearing her orgasm and closed her legs around my head. Her soft thighs grabbed my head tightly and she came with a scream. Her juices were flowing and now I was licking her cunt to get all that I could. She was moving her body up and down like a fish out of water. It was a pretty violent orgasm. It seems the slow seduction had worked wonders on her. She told me to fuck her and I knew there is no point in going on with the game now as she was at the peak. This was the moment; the fuck might not get any better than now.\par
\par
So I came up on her and positioned my dick at her entrance and pushed it in. Her wet pussy accepted my dick very eagerly and she kissed me madly. She was kissing like there is no tomorrow and as if this is the first time she is being fucked by someone. She was going wild with each stroke. By now I was completely inside her and the slow and long strokes I was giving would not last long. Within 2 min I started fucking her furiously. The slow seduction had worked on me too. I was nearing my orgasm too. I pounded her pussy really fast and the sound of fuck, that puch puch puch sound, the sound of skin touching skin was clearly audible. The sound and the smell of fuck filled the room and we were going nuts at that moment.\par
\par
We wouldn\rquote t care if someone came now and caught us in that position. We would still continue fucking each other and stop only when we were done. I had purposefully kept the fan off and hence now we were drenched in sweat. The sweat could be seen clearly on her face, her chest, between her huge breasts which were bouncing and the sweat pool was moving. Her arms were sweaty. Even I was full of sweat. Drops were falling from my face. We never stopped kissing for a second while we fucked.\par
\par
Now the time had come when I lost control of myself. I was about to cum and the pounding grew faster. She knew I was going to cum so she too stopped trying to prolong her orgasm and let it go. I grunted loudly when filling her up with my cum and she was screaming now. Within seconds she too came. Her pussy walls were squeezing my dick. It had become as tight as a virgin cunt. She was milking my cock. We came at around the same time and were tired as hell. The fuck session lasted for 15-20 min but the whole game of seduction along with the fuck took around 1 hour.\par
\par
It was around lunch time but we were not in the mood to leave each other. So we slept on the floor itself for a while with us cuddling in each other\rquote s arms. My cock had gone limp and was covered with both of our juices but I didn\rquote t care. We slept like that for a couple of hours. When she woke me up, she was still naked, had a towel in her hand and was going to hit the shower. I followed her and we fucked in the shower too where I pierced her ass this time. It was great fun and we must have fucked countless times in almost all places in her house that week. By the end of the week we were completely satisfied with each other and happy that we had this little adventure of ours. However, we have promised to not stop fucking each other and go for it each time we get an opportunity.\par
\par
This is the story of how she got fucked for the first time by someone other than my mama. I\rquote m writing this story as many of my fans emailed me and pm\rquote ed me to share her story as well. So friends, here it is; her story in her words.\par
\par
I married my hubby in May 1997. It was more like a love at first sight for us. He was handsome, well built, charming and charismatic personality. Everything I had ever wanted from my about to be husband. Everything was going nicely for us. We loved each other a lot and had a lot of sex too.\par
\par
After about 9 months of our marriage, my cousin brother Sheetal (yes, he is a boy!) came to visit us and stayed with us for about 10 days.\par
\par
Before my marriage, Sheetal and I were close to each other but never had any intimate relationship together. We were the best of friends and would share almost anything about our lives with each other. I never knew he had feelings for me.\par
\par
Back to present time, it was only the three of us at that time in the house. I continued doing regular household work and my hubby would manage his shop as usual. Sheetal would assist me in the daily chores. I thought of it as a nice gesture. But little did I know that something dark was running through his mind.\par
\par
Fortunately or unfortunately, as fate would have it, my hubby had to go to the city to buy some stuff for his shop and that came about 4 days after Sheetal came to stay with us.\par
\par
As he was my brother, none of us thought that anything bad would happen in my hubby\rquote s absence. So he left for the city for a 4-day tour.That meant he\\\rquote d be gone for 3 nights. That left Sheetal and me alone for 3 nights and 4 days at a stretch.\par
\par
That day Sheetal grabbed the opportunity and started making advances on me. He would \ldblquote Accidently\rdblquote  touch me at places like brushing his hands on my ass, rubbing shoulder with my side arm, standing much too close to my back.But I was too na\'efve to understand them and thought it was normal.\par
\par
The real thing happened that night. Our house is not a very big one. It is like a 1 bhk apartment but this is our own house, not a flat in an apartment building. Earlier Sheetal used to sleep in the hall but with my hubby gone he sought the opportunity to sleep with me. I was completely unaware of this.\par
\par
That night he came to my room and asked to sleep with me as the fan in his room was not working. I was way too tired to actually go and check if it was really not working or what. That was my mistake. I allowed him to sleep on the floor while I slept on the bed.\par
\par
Later that night he came to me and poked me on my side arms.\par
\par
I woke up to see him standing next to me and asked what. He said he doesn\rquote t have the habit of sleeping on the floor and hence is not getting any sleep there. So he wants to sleep with me on the bed if that\rquote s alright with me. I said alright without thinking much as we used to do this as kids and he being my brother, I didn\rquote t feel anything wrong would come to his mind. He was visibly happy on hearing my yes and squeezed beside me on my double bed.\par
\par
Now I have a habit of hugging my hubby in sleep and even this night I accidentally hugged Sheetal in sleep dreaming of my husband. But that didn\rquote t last long as I immediately woke up. That\rquote s when I saw him up close and felt his body during the hug.\par
\par
He had a firm body and strong muscles. I was attracted to him that very instance. Anyway, I knew this was wrong so I turned my back to him so as to not look at him anymore and lose my honor. I tried to go to sleep but sleep was a stranger to me after the hug.\par
\par
During the night, he placed his hand on my sidearm while sleeping.Well, that\rquote s what I felt at first that he is sleeping.I let it stay there as his palm was also very strong. I was loving the strong feeling on my body. I wanted more of it but was afraid of making a move.\par
\par
After some time he moved his palm under my arm, near my armpit, in such a manner that his palm was there and his fingers were touching my side boob. Within 2 mins, his palm moved forward to rest completely on my side boob.\par
\par
And in no time after that, he moved his hand even more and placed it completely on my right boob.\par
\par
He kept it there as if to check whether I am asleep or awake. And if I am awake, whether I want it or not. I was awake, obviously and I wanted to see how far this goes. Getting no reply from me, he started slowly groping me. Very lightly at first so that if I am asleep I don\rquote t get up. Then the hold started getting stronger. That was exciting me.\par
\par
Then he did something I wasn\rquote t expecting. He pinched my nipples between his middle finger and the thumb. Again lightly at first and then the force began to increase.\par
\par
Now I couldn\rquote t keep shut. I had to let him know I was awake. So I asked him, \ldblquote what are you doing, Sheetal?\rdblquote  to which he calmly replied, \ldblquote making love to my beautiful, dear sister.\rdblquote  that calmness was something else. I expected him to get shocked and remove his hands as a result but he calmly said this.\par
\par
Further, he asked me, \ldblquote why? Don\rquote t you want this?\rdblquote  and he didn\rquote t stop pinching my nipple. In fact, he started doing it harder. That was paining but even more exciting me. It must have taken me 5-10 secs to reply. I said, \ldblquote no, I don\rquote t want this. This is wrong. Please leave me.\rdblquote  \ldblquote are you sure you don\rquote t want me to do this? I am absolutely positive I will be able to satisfy you in ways you have never even imagined\rdblquote , he said. I bit my lower lip before replying, \ldblquote yes, I am absolutely sure I don\rquote t want this. This is wrong. Now leave me and go sleep in your room.\rdblquote\par
\par
He then left my boob and took my hand to his naked dick and made me hold it. I gasped when I held it. It didn\rquote t fit in my palm. It was not a penis, it was a monster. Very fat and pretty long. I just didn\rquote t want to leave it now. I must have taken about a minute before I heard him say, \ldblquote are you absolutely certain that you don\rquote t want this now? Just say so and I will leave.\rdblquote  \ldblquote yes, I am certain I don\rquote t want it.\rdblquote  so he started to get up and leave, but his dick was still in my hand. He told me to leave it so that he could go to his room.\par
\par
Now what I did next surprises me till date. I told him, \ldblquote no need to go. You can sleep here, just no funny business. We won\rquote t do anything other than sleep. Not sleep together, but separate. But on the same bed, in the same room.\rdblquote  I was talking nonsense. And all the while his dick was in my hand. I just couldn\rquote t leave that monster. This was the first time I was feeling something this big. My husband is nothing compared to this. I was slowly stroking his semi-hard dick with my soft hands.\par
\par
Sheetal said, \ldblquote alright if that\rquote s what you want. Let us sleep then. No funny business.\rdblquote  \ldblquote hmm\rdblquote , that\rquote s all I could manage. I was enjoying his dick in my hands. That was magical. Hypnotizing. I didn\rquote t even realize that I was holding his dick when I was saying no to sex. That was paradoxical.\par
\par
After about a minute or so he said, \ldblquote Kanika, don\rquote t you want to leave my dick?\rdblquote  that\rquote s what he said. Literally. He said the word \lquote dick\rquote . My heart almost skipped a beat. That\rquote s when I came to my senses and realized what I was doing. I left it, quite reluctantly I must say, and apologized to him.\par
\par
I again turned my back to him and tried to sleep. I knew I had lost the battle. He owned me with that dick. I knew it and he knew it. It was just a matter of time before I gave in to the desire. Obviously, it had to be me.\par
\par
With all that had happened in the past 3-4 mins, it had to be me. It was itching me down there. I couldn\rquote t hold back and within 2-3 mins of leaving his dick, I turned back to face him and said, \ldblquote ok just one time. Never again will we do this. And never again will you ask me for this. Promise?\rdblquote\par
\par
He had a grin on his face. He said, \ldblquote I promise. But I need you for tonight. No resisting whatever I want to do to you. Ok?\rdblquote  I started thinking what was on his mind. What did he mean by \lquote whatever I want to do to you\rquote ? Just as I was in my thoughts, he replaced my hand on his monster and asked me again, \ldblquote ok?\rdblquote  \ldblquote yeah!\rdblquote  was all that could come out of my mouth. He smiled and grabbed me by my hair and pulled me towards him. We kissed like hell. All my built up excitement was coming out in that one kiss.\par
\par
I quickly pulled up my saree and petticoat and removed my panties to expose my pussy to him. Then he spread my legs and placed his hands on my pussy and started rubbing it. I was almost biting him on his lips now, that\rquote s how much I was excited.\par
\par
Then I pulled him up on top of me and asked him to enter me. I desperately wanted his monster to tear my pussy apart. I had had enough of waiting for tonight. He said, \ldblquote what? So early? No foreplay?\rdblquote  I said, \ldblquote I am dying for that piece of meat in me. Put it now. Foreplay we will do sometime later.\rdblquote  he agreed as that meant this would not be a onetime thing now.\par
\par
Then he applied some spit on his cock and placed it at the entrance of my holy hole and slowly entered it. He kept it slow till the mushroom head was in and as soon as that was in, he gave a strong jerk and entered my pussy more than half. I cried out loud as that hurt. I had tears in my eyes because of the pain and I was trying to push him away but he kept going and started the in-out motion.\par
\par
It was painful initially and I even had tears in my eyes. Tears of pain.But soon they turned into tears of pleasure as my body started adjusting to his thing.\par
\par
My pussy started widening for his monstrous cock! It was all fun after that.\par
\par
I started kissing him madly now and started gyrating my body to match his strokes. The experience was heavenly. I placed my hands on his strong, manly chest and started feeling it. The feeling was out of this world. He had such strong chest. Perfectly chiseled. I thought to myself how come I never noticed something like this so close to me.\par
\par
Meanwhile, he was enjoying all the attention he was getting from me.\par
\par
He supported his body above mine with his hands so that there is a gap between us and I can marvel at his body. He was naked. I, on the other hand, wasn\rquote t. Well, I was naked below the waist but was completely covered above it.\par
\par
After I had marveled on his chest and his toned stomach (he didn\rquote t have abs, unfortunately, but it was strong nonetheless), I pulled him close to me to kiss him on his mouth. We kissed like there is no tomorrow. It must have gone on for I guess 5 mins when I felt an orgasm building in me.\par
\par
He sensed it as my body started reacting to the orgasm and my pussy began to tighten and relax much more than it was doing earlier. I was trying to milk his cock.\par
\par
I held him strongly to my body and even scratched his back in my excitement. Luckily for him, I didn\rquote t have many nails then. He too did things to make it more pleasurable for me. He grabbed my tits for the first time since we started and pressed them so hard that I felt the pain. But that too was pleasuring me.\par
\par
In a second he pulled the two parts of my blouse apart and ripped my blouse to expose my bra-clad boobs. It didn\rquote t take him time to rip the bra as well. Now I was topless too with pieces of ripped clothing hanging from my body with him hugging me very tightly. That was too much for me.\par
\par
I came in a very big orgasm during which I locked both my legs around his waist and held him as tightly as I could.\par
\par
His manly chest was crushing my soft, round tits. But he was going like a pro. He didn\rquote t seem to have built any orgasm in him. He would go on even when I was done. And so he did. His in-out motion didn\rquote t stop even when I had finished my orgasm. I stopped him and turned him over to come on top of him. His dick was still in me. Then I pulled it out and kissed my way down to his monster.\par
\par
When I reached down there, I could smell my own cum on his cock. I didn\rquote t waste a second and gave his thing a kiss.\par
\par
Then I looked towards his eyes and saw them looking back, with happiness in them. Then I did something I had only imagined I\rquote d do till then. I licked his cock all the way and took that in my mouth. The taste of my own cum and the feeling of his cock along with the smell of his manhood made me feel intoxicated. I gave him an amazing blowjob and he was moaning for the first time that night. I was excited by that.\par
\par
About 5 mins in the blowjob, he pulled me up and kissed me again. Then he started removing my clothes. The torn blouse and ripped up bra went first completely exposing the upper half of my body.\par
\par
Then he looked at my gorgeous tits and admired me for my beauty. That was the first time I felt shy that night and I hid my boobs with my hands. He laughed watching that from under me and grabbed my hands to remove them from there. I was again exposed so I looked elsewhere. I just couldn\rquote t look into his eyes. I was extremely shy at that moment.\par
\par
In fact, I immediately rolled off of him and turned my back towards him covering my naked tits with my hands. All this while, my saree, and petticoat were above my waist and my ass was exposed. So basically I was clothed but still naked, and I was hiding my tits from his view.\par
\par
He laughed at this first but then played along. He came closer to me and started kissing my earlobes and my neck slowly. I was getting excited and started moaning. He then moved down and kissed my naked back and went down along my spine to my waist. He kissed my there and lightly moved his fingers on my exposed back.\par
\par
After this treatment, he moved further down and kissed my bums. He bit them and made me scream in pain. But I was enjoying every moment of it. He further went on to spread the cheeks and lick my asshole. \ldblquote mmmm\rdblquote , I was loving it.\par
\par
As soon as I made that sound he turned me over on my back and spread my legs to expose my soaking wet pussy. He had a nice look at it before he blew on and around it. I was going mad now. That was too much of attention given to my body. Nobody had ever done something like this to me. I was dying for him to lick me down there now.\par
\par
And he did. But first, he sniffed it and deeply inhaled the scent. He immediately put his mouth on the throbbing pussy and started licking it like a dog. I was gone. This was it. The first time my pussy was being given this treatment.I had never known it felt this great to be licked down there. He continued pleasuring me while I squirmed above him.He was giving me pleasures out of this world. In no time I had another orgasm during which I pushed his head into my vagina and caught it by my thighs. I was simultaneously rubbing my pussy on his face and moaning loudly.\par
\par
He continued to lick me. Now to make the most of my orgasm, he inserted two of his fingers inside me and started finger fucking me while flicking my clit with his tongue. I was already having an orgasm.With this, I totally went blank. I don\rquote t remember what happened next. But when I came back to my senses, he had come on top of me and was positioning his hot rod over my pussy hole to enter me again that night. I helped him do that and he pushed it in. he pussy was already dripping and hence when he pushed, the monster went all the way in.\par
\par
I sighed and he started the in-out motion. He must have fucked me in this position for 5 mins before he got down and made me come on top. I got on top of his hot body and sat on his dick slowly taking it in my hungry pussy. It devoured his monster and I started bouncing on it. My orgasm was nearing now and I had a hard time continuing this rhythm. So he put me down and turned my back towards him and entered me from behind.\par
\par
I loved this too as this was my first time in this position. He held my right leg high up in the air by the thigh and rammed my pussy. He also stroked my clit while tearing my pussy apart for almost 10 mins during which time I came twice. He was also nearing his orgasm and he told me so. I was too excited to tell him to pull out. Hence he poured his hot seed inside me. I felt all the hot cum in me. I mean, my hubby does cum in me, but this was something else. This was a lot more. In fact, it started dripping out of my hungry pussy.\par
\par
We had sex till the sun came out and even after that. My addiction to his body never dropped one little bit in the remaining 3 days and 2 nights that we had together. He fucked me in all positions we could imagine in all my holes.We did it mostly in the bedroom and the bathroom but also did it in the kitchen, on the dining table, and in the toilet (once). He even asked me to do extremely nasty stuff like pee on his dick, his tummy and on his face.\par
\par
He taught me to talk nasty and to give in to my sexual desires. I cheated on my hubby on a lot of occasions after this incident, which includes Karan as he explained in his stories. However, I never got to fuck Sheetal again. I look forward to our encounter again and we have been talking about going on a weeklong trip somewhere to celebrate our honeymoon (wink).\par
\par
}
 1 0\p
43+