{\rtf1\mac \deff13\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f4\fnil\fcharset77\fprq2 Times New Roman;}{\f13\fnil\fcharset77\fprq2 Geneva;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue212;\red2\green171\blue234;\red31\green183\blue20;\red242\green8\blue132;\red221\green8\blue6;\red252\green243\blue5;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green100\blue17;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\widctlpar \f13\fs18\lang3081 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}{\s15\nowidctlpar \f4\fs20 \snext15 Style;}}{\info{\title Subject: Re: PART2 MH370: Internet contributors assemble evidence of Hijacking to Diego Garcia}{\author Bob Christian}{\operator Bob Christian}{\creatim\yr2014\mo7\dy28\hr15\min53}{\revtim\yr2014\mo8\dy19\hr17\min2}{\version133}{\edmins206}{\nofpages0}{\nofwords0}{\nofchars0}{\vern49217}}\paperw11901\paperh16840\margl851\margr851\margt-851\margb-851 \widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\formshade \fet0\sectd \sbknone\linex0\headery709\footery709\colsx709\endnhere {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \widctlpar \f13\fs18\lang3081 {\b\cf1 Malaysian media publish "Ukraine shot MH17" evidence but Singapore & Western media silent\par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 \par }This newsletter is at http://mailstar.net/bulletins/140819-b2444-MH17.rtf\par \par See all the MH370 & MH17 newsletters at http://mailstar.net/bulletins/bulletins.html\par \par {\b\cf1 (1) Malaysian media publish "Ukraine shot MH17" evidence but Singapore & Western media silent\par (2) Paul: US government likely hiding truth about downed jet in Ukraine\par (3) MH17: Dutch journalist Karel van Wolferen mentions Bociurkiw & pulled BBC eyewitness accounts\par (4) Malaysian media publish evidence that Ukraine government shot down MH17 - wsws Trots\par (5) New Straits Times (Malaysia): US analysts conclude MH17 downed by aircraft\par (6) MH17 Shoot-Down Scenario Shifts - Robert Parry\par }{\b (7) NYT admits Ukraine using Neo-Nazis as shock troops to kill separatists in East - Robert Parry\par }{\b\cf1 (8) Ukraine a key part of pivot to Asia - Mike Whitney\par }{\b (9) Tensions grow in Germany over threat of war with Russia\par }\pard \widctlpar {\b (10) Why have the media and Obama administration gone silent on MH17?\par }\pard \widctlpar {\b\cf1 \par (1) Malaysian media publish "Ukraine shot MH17" evidence but Singapore & Western media silent - Peter Myers, August 19, 2014\par \par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 There is an easy way to test which media outlets have published the evidence that MH17 was shot down by a Ukrainian jet fighter.\par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 \par The evidence is in my earlier bulletins\par http://mailstar.net/bulletins/140801-b2430-MH17.rtf\par and }http://mailstar.net/bulletins/140803-b2433-MH17.rtf\par {\cf1 \par Search Google for "mh17" "}{\b\cf1 Haisenko}{\cf1 " "}{\b\cf1 Bociurkiw}{\cf1 ".\par \par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 Haisenko is the name of the former Lufthansa pilot who showed that the Cockpit of MH17 had been attacked FROM BOTH SIDES; a ground weapon does not do this. Bociurkiw is the name of the OSCE investigator (himself a migrant from Ukraine to Canada) who noted the }{\b\cf1 machine gun}{\cf1  like holes.\par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 \par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 The above Google search shows that the Western media - the ones we rely on for our news - have ignored or censored this information.\par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 \par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 However, the New Straits Times, the leading English-language newspaper of Malaysia, did publish it (items 4 & 5).\par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 \par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 But the Straits Times, the leading Singapore newspaper, did not publish it. You can check this out by adding the word "Straits" to the above Google search-string.\par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 \par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 The editors of the Straits Times can hardly have failed to notice the report in the New Straits Times. Yet they kept silent about it.\par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 \par The critical evidence is published on Michel Chossudovsky's website Global Research. He is a Canadian Professor of Economics.\par \par I am pleased to note that the Trotskyist WSWS website has picked up the story (item 4).\par \par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 Chossudovsky is a Marxist of the Stalinist camp. In the past, WSWS published a number of articles by Nick Beams against him, eg\par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 http://www.wsws.org/en/articles/2000/02/chos-f17.html\~\par and http://www.wsws.org/en/articles/2000/02/cho1-f21.html.\par \par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 Now, WSWS has used the material at Global Research without mentioning Chossudovsky by name. But, still, they used it. Other Trots and Anarchists, to my knowledge, have not published this material. But WSWS calls those others the "pseudo Left", and alleges that they tools of the establishment.\par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 \par eg see "Australia's pseudo-left covers up for US imperialism in Iraq":\par http://www.wsws.org/en/articles/2014/08/18/salt-a18.html\par \par Other Stalinist websites of note are Voltaire Network, Strategic Culture and News From Iraq.\par \par It is ironic that, decades after the Cold War, we internet dissidents are looking to that quarter to find news we can't get elsewhere.\par \par }{\b\cf1 (2) Paul: US government likely hiding truth about downed jet in Ukraine\par }{\cf1 \par http://www.iraq-war.ru/article/318039\par \par Press TV on: 11.08.2014 [05:55 ]\par \par Mon Aug 11, 2014 4:8AM GMT\par \par http://www.presstv.ir/detail/2014/08/11/374855/paul-us-hiding-truth-about-downed-jet/\par \par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 Former US congressman Ron Paul says the US government is likely hiding the truth about the crash of the Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 in Ukraine.\par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 \par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 "The US government has grown strangely quite \{sic\} on the accusation that it was Russia or her allies that brought down the Malaysian airliner with a buck anti-aircraft missile sic," he wrote on his news website Voices of Liberty on August 7.\par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 \par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 The former Republican presidential candidate made the comments after Washington accused Moscow of shooting down the aircraft, killing all 298 people on board. The Kremlin, however, denied the allegation.\par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 \par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 "The little that we have heard from US intelligence is that it has no evidence that Russia was involved. Yet the war propaganda were successful in convincing the American public that it was all Russia\rquote s fault," Paul said.\par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 \par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 "It\rquote s hard to believe that the US, with all of its spy satellites available for monitoring everything in Ukraine that precise proof of who did what and when is not available," he added.\par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 \par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 \ldblquote When evidence contradicts our government\rquote s accusations, the evidence is never revealed to the public\emdash for national security reasons, of course. Some independent sources claim that the crash site revealed evidence that bullet holes may have come from a fighter jet. If true, it would implicate Western Ukraine.\rdblquote \par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 \par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 "Questions do remain regarding the serious international incident," Paul wrote. "Too bad we can\rquote t count on our government to just tell us the truth and show us the evidence. I\rquote m convinced that it knows a lot more than it\rquote s telling us."\par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 \par }\pard \widctlpar {\b\cf1 (3) MH17: Dutch journalist Karel van Wolferen mentions Bociurkiw & pulled BBC eyewitness accounts\par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 \par From: Debbie Menon\par Date:08/17/2014 4:40 AM (GMT-06:00)\par \par The Ukraine, Corrupted Journalism, and the Atlanticist Faith in the \ldblquote Failed States\rdblquote \par \par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 History is being made, once again. What may well determine Europe\rquote s fate is that also outside the defenders of the Atlanticist faith, decent Europeans cannot bring themselves to believe in the dysfunction and utter irresponsibility of the American state.\par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 \par by }{\b\cf1 Karel van Wolferen\par }{\cf1 \par Strategic Culture\par \par 16.08.2014\par \par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 http://www.veteransnewsnow.com/2014/08/16/509346-the-ukraine-corrupted-journalism-and-the-atlanticist-faith-in-the-failed-states/\par http://www.strategic-culture.org/news/2014/08/16/ukraine-corrupted-journalism-atlanticist-faith-failed-states.html\par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 \par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 The European Union is not (anymore) guided by politicians with a grasp of history, a sober assessment of global reality, or simple common sense connected with the long term interests of what they are guiding. If any more evidence was needed, it has certainly been supplied by the sanctions they have agreed on last week aimed at punishing Russia.\par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 \par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 One way to fathom their foolishness is to start with the media, since whatever understanding or concern these politicians may have personally they must be seen to be doing the right thing, which is taken care of by TV and newspapers.\par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 \par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 In much of the European Union the general understanding of global reality since the horrible fate of the people on board the Malaysian Airliner comes from mainstream newspapers and TV which have copied the approach of Anglo-American mainstream media, and have presented \lquote news\rquote  in which insinuation and vilification substitute for proper reporting.\par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 \par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 Respected publications, like the\~Financial Times\~or the once respected\~NRC Handelsblad\~of the Netherlands for which I worked sixteen years as East Asia Correspondent, not only joined in with this corrupted journalism but helped guide it to mad conclusions. The punditry and editorials that have grown out of this have gone further than anything among earlier examples of sustained media hysteria stoked for political purposes that I can remember. The most flagrant example I have come across, an }{\b\cf1 anti-Putin leader in the (July 26)\~Economist}{\cf1  Magazine, had the tone of Shakespeare\rquote s Henry V exhorting his troops before the battle of Agincourt as he invaded France.\par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 \par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 One should keep in mind that there are no European-wide newspapers or publications to sustain a European public sphere, in the sense of a means for politically interested Europeans to ponder and debate with each other big international developments. Because those interested in world affairs usually read the international edition of the\~New York Times\~or the\~Financial Times, questions and answers on geopolitical matters are routinely shaped or strongly influenced by what editors in New York and London have determined as being important.\par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 \par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 Thinking that may deviate significantly as can now be found in\~Der Spiegel, the\~Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung,\~Die Zeit\~and\~Handelsblatt, does not travel across German borders. Hence we do not see anything like a European opinion evolving on global affairs, even when these have a direct impact on the interests of the European Union itself.\par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 \par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 The Dutch population was rudely shaken out of a general complacency with respect to world events that could affect it, through the death of 193 fellow nationals (along with a 105 people of other nationalities) in the downed plane, and its media were hasty in following the American-initiated finger-pointing at Moscow. Explanations that did not in some way involve culpability of the Russian president seemed to be out of bounds.\par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 \par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 This was at odds right away with statements of a sober Dutch prime minister, who was under considerable pressure to join the fingerpointing but who insisted on waiting for a thorough examination of what precisely had happened.\par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 \par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 The TV news programs I saw in the days immediately afterwards had invited, among other anti\endash Russian expositors, American neocon-linked talking heads to do the disclosing to a puzzled and truly shaken up audience. A Dutch foreign policy specialist explained that the foreign minister or his deputy could not go to the site of the crash (as Malaysian officials did) to recover the remains of Dutch citizens, because that would amount to an implicit recognition of diplomatic status for the \ldblquote separatists\rdblquote . When the European Union en bloc recognizes a regime that has come into existence through an American initiated coup d\rquote \'8etat, you are diplomatically stuck with it.\par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 \par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 The inhabitants and }{\b\cf1 anti-Kiev fighters at the crash site were portrayed}{\cf1 , with images from youtube, }{\b\cf1 as uncooperative criminals}{\cf1 , which for many viewers amounted to a confirmation of their guilt. This changed when later reports from actual journalists showed shocked and deeply concerned villagers, but the discrepancy was not explained, and earlier assumptions of villainy did not make way for any objective analysis of why these people might be fighting at all.\par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 \par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 Tendentious twitter and youtube \lquote news\rquote  had become the basis for official Dutch indignation with the East Ukrainians, and a general opinion arose that something had to be set straight, which was, again in general opinion, accomplished by a grand nationally televised reception of the human remains (released through Malaysian mediation) in a dignified sober martial ceremony.\par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 \par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 Nothing that I have seen or read even intimated that the Ukraine crisis \endash  which led to coup and civil war \endash  was created by }{\b\cf1 neoconservatives and a few R2P (\ldblquote Responsibility to Protect\rdblquote ) fanatics in the State Department}{\cf1  and the White House, apparently given a free hand by President Obama. The Dutch media also appeared unaware that the catastrophe was immediately turned into a political football for White House and State Department purposes. The likelihood that Putin was right when he said that the catastrophe would not have happened if his insistence on a cease-fire had been accepted, was not entertained.\par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 \par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 As it was, Kiev broke the cease-fire \endash  on the 10th of June \endash  in its civil war against Russian speaking East Ukrainians who do not wish to be governed by a collection of thugs, progeny of Ukrainian nazis, and oligarchs enamored of the IMF and the European Union. The supposed \lquote rebels\rquote  have been responding to the beginnings of ethnic cleansing operations (systematic terror bombing and atrocities \endash  30 or more Ukrainians burned alive) committed by Kiev forces, of which little or nothing has penetrated into European news reports.\par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 \par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 It is unlikely that the }{\b\cf1 American NGOs, which by official admission spent 5 billion dollars in political destabilization efforts}{\cf1  prior to the February putsch in Kiev, have suddenly disappeared from the Ukraine, or that America\rquote s military advisors and specialized troops have sat idly by as Kiev\rquote s military and militias mapped their civil war strategy; after all, the new thugs are as a regime on financial life-support provided by Washington, the European Union and IMF. What we know is that Washington is encouraging the ongoing killing in the civil war it helped trigger.\par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 \par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 But Washington has constantly had the winning hand in a propaganda war against, entirely contrary to what mainstream media would have us believe, an essentially unwilling opponent. Waves of propaganda come from Washington and are made to fit assumptions of a Putin, driven and assisted by a nationalism heightened by the loss of the Soviet empire, who is trying to expand the Russian Federation up to the borders of that defunct empire. The more adventurous punditry, infected by neocon fever, has Russia threatening to envelop the West.\par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 \par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 Hence Europeans are made to believe that Putin refuses diplomacy, while he has been urging this all along. Hence prevailing propaganda has had the effect that not Washington\rquote s but Putin\rquote s actions are seen as dangerous and extreme. Anyone with a personal story that places Putin or Russia in a bad light must move right now; Dutch editors seem insatiable at the moment.\par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 \par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 There is no doubt that the frequently referred to Moscow propaganda exists. But there are ways for serious journalists to weigh competing propaganda and discern how much veracity or lies and bullshit they contain. Within my field of vision this has only taken place a bit in Germany. For the rest we must piece political reality together relying on the now more than ever indispensable American websites hospitable to whistleblowers and old-fashioned investigative journalism, which especially since the onset of the \lquote war on terrorism\rquote  and the Iraq invasion have formed a steady form of\~samizdatpublishing.\par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 \par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 In the Netherlands almost anything that comes from the State Department is taken at face value. America\rquote s history, since the demise of the Soviet Union, of truly }{\b\cf1 breathtaking lies}{\cf1 : on Panama, Afghanistan, Iraq, Syria, Venezuela, Libya and North Korea; i}{\b\cf1 ts record of overthrown governments}{\cf1 ; its }{\b\cf1 black-op and false flag operations}{\cf1 ; and its stealthily garrisoning of the planet with }{\b\cf1 some thousand military bases}{\cf1 , is conveniently left out of consideration.\par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 \par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 The }{\b\cf1 near hysteria}{\cf1  throughout a week following the downed airliner prevented people with some knowledge of relevant history from opening their mouths. }{\b\cf1 Job security in the current world of journalism is quite shaky}{\cf1 , and going against the tide would be almost akin to siding with the devil, as it would damage one\rquote s journalistic \lquote credibility\rquote .\par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 \par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 What strikes an older generation of serious journalists as questionable about the mainstream media\rquote s credibility is editorial indifference to potential clues that would undermine or destroy the official story line; a story line that has already permeated popular culture as is evident in throwaway remarks embellishing book and film reviews along with much else. In the Netherlands the official story is already carved in stone, which is to be expected when it is repeated ten-thousand times. It cannot be discounted, of course, but it is based on not a shred of evidence.\par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 \par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 The presence of two Ukrainian fighter planes near the Malaysian airliner on Russian radar would be a potential clue I would be very interested in if I were investigating either as journalist or member of the investigation team that the Netherlands officially leads. This appeared to be corroborated by a }{\b\cf1 BBC Report with eyewitness accounts}{\cf1  from the ground by }{\b\cf1 villagers who clearly saw another plane, a fighter}{\cf1 , close to the airliner, near the time of its crash, and heard explosions coming from the sky.\par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 \par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 This report has recently drawn attention because it }{\b\cf1 was removed from the BBC\rquote s archive}{\cf1 . I would want to talk with Michael }{\b\cf1 Bociurkiw}{\cf1 , one of the first inspectors from the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe (OSCE) to reach the crash site who spent more than a week examining the wreckage and has described on CBC World News two or three \ldblquote really pock-marked\rdblquote  pieces of fuselage. \ldblquote It almost looks like }{\b\cf1 machine gun}{\cf1  fire; very, very strong }{\b\cf1 machine gun}{\cf1  fire that has left these unique marks that we haven\rquote t seen anywhere else.\rdblquote \par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 \par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 I would certainly also want to have a look at the allegedly }{\b\cf1 confiscated radar and voice records of the Kiev Air Control Tower}{\cf1  to understand why the Malaysian pilot veered off course and rapidly descended shortly before his plane crashed, and find out whether foreign air controllers in Kiev were indeed sent packing immediately after the crash.\par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 \par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 Like the \ldblquote Veteran Intelligence Professionals for Sanity\rdblquote , I would certainly urge the American authorities with access to satellite images to show the evidence they claim to have of BUK missile batteries in \lquote rebel\rquote  hands as well as of Russian involvement, and ask them why they have not done so already.\par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 \par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 Until now Washington has acted like a driver who refuses a breathalyzer test. Since intelligence officials have leaked to some American newspapers their lesser certainty about the American certainties as brought to the world by the Secretary of State, my curiosity would be unrelenting.\par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 \par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 To place European media loyalty to Washington in the Ukraine case as well as the slavish conduct of European politicians in perspective, we must know about and understand Atlanticism. It is a European faith. It has not given rise to an official doctrine, of course, but it functions like one. It is well summed up by the Dutch slogan at the time of the Iraq invasion: \ldblquote zonder Amerika gaat het niet\rdblquote  (without the United States [things] [it] won\rquote t work).\par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 \par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 Needless to say, the Cold War gave birth to Atlanticism. Ironically, it gained strength as the threat from the Soviet Union became less persuasive for increasing numbers among European political elites. That probably was a matter of generational change: the farther away from World War II, the less European governments remembered what it means to have an independent foreign policy on global-sized issues. Current heads of government of the European Union are unfamiliar with practical strategic deliberations. Routine thought on international relations and global politics is deeply entrenched in Cold War epistemology.\par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 \par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 This inevitably also informs \lquote responsible\rquote  editorial policies. Atlanticism is now a terrible affliction for Europe: it fosters historical amnesia, willful blindness and dangerously misconceived political anger. But it thrives on a mixture of lingering unquestioned Cold War era certainties about protection, Cold War loyalties embedded in popular culture, sheer European ignorance, and an understandable reluctance to concede that one has even for a little bit been brainwashed.\par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 \par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 Washington can do outrageous things while leaving Atlanticism intact because of everyone\rquote s forgetfulness, which the media do little or nothing to cure. I know Dutch people who have become disgusted with the villification of Putin, but the idea that in the context of Ukraine the fingerpointing should be toward Washington is well-nigh unacceptable.\par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 \par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 Hence, Dutch publications, along with many others in Europe, cannot bring themselves to place the Ukraine crisis in proper perspective by acknowledging that Washington started it all, and that Washington rather than Putin has the key to its solution. It would impel a renunciation of Atlanticism.\par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 \par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 Atlanticism derives much of its strength through NATO, its institutional embodiment. The reason for NATO\rquote s existence, which disappeard with the demise of the Soviet Union, has been largely forgotten. Formed in 1949, it was based on the idea that transatlantic cooperation for security and defense had become necessary after World War II in the face of a communism, orchestrated by Moscow, intent on taking over the entire planet. Much less talked about was European internal distrust, as the Europeans set off on their first moves towards economic integration. NATO constituted a kind of American guarantee that no power in Europe would ever try to dominate the others.\par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 \par }\pard \widctlpar {\b\cf1 NATO}{\cf1  has for some time now been a liability for the European Union, as it }{\b\cf1 prevents development of concerted European foreign and defense policies}{\cf1 , and has forced the member states to become }{\b\cf1 instruments serving American militarism}{\cf1 . It is also a moral liability because the governments participating in the \lquote coalition of the willing\rquote  have had to sell the lie to their citizens that European soldiers dying in Iraq and Afghanistan have been a necessary sacrifice to keep Europe safe from terrorists.\par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 \par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 Governments that have supplied troops to areas occupied by the United States have generally done this with considerable reluctance, earning the reproach from a succession of American officials that Europeans do too little for the collective purpose of defending democracy and freedom.\par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 \par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 As is the mark of an ideology, Atlanticism is ahistorical. As horse medicine against the torment of fundamental political ambiguity it supplies its own history: one that may be rewritten by American mainstream media as they assist in spreading the word from Washington.\par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 \par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 There could hardly be a better demonstration of this than the Dutch experience at the moment. In conversations these past three weeks I have encountered genuine surprise when reminding friends that the Cold War ended through diplomacy with a deal made on Malta between Gorbachev and the elder Bush in December 1989, in which James Baker got Gorbachev to accept the reunification of Germany and withdrawal of Warsaw Pact troops with a promise that NATO would not be extended even one inch to the East.\par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 \par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 Gorbachev pledged not to use force in Eastern Europe where the Russians had some 350,000 troops in East Germany alone, in return for }{\b\cf1 Bush\rquote s promise that Washington would not take advantage of a Soviet withdrawal from Eastern Europe}{\cf1 . Bill Clinton reneged on those American promises when, for purely electoral reasons, he boasted about an enlargement of NATO and in 1999 made the Czech Republic and Hungary full members.\par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 \par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 Ten years later another nine countries became members, at which point the number of NATO countries was double the number during the Cold War. The famous American specialist on Russia, Ambassador George Kennan, originator of Cold War containment policy, called Clinton\rquote s move \ldblquote the most fateful error of American policy in the entire post-cold-war era.\rdblquote \par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 \par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 Historical ignorance abetted by Atlanticism is poignantly on display in the contention that the ultimate proof in the case against Vladimir Putin is his invasion of Crimea. Again, political reality here was created by America\rquote s mainstream media. There was no invasion, as the Russian sailors and soldiers were already there since it is home to the \lquote warm water\rquote  Black Sea base for the Russian navy.\par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 \par }\pard \widctlpar {\b\cf1 Crimea has been a part of Russia for as long as the United States has existed}{\cf1 . In 1954 Khrushchev, who himself came from the Ukraine, gave it to the Ukrainian Socialist Republic, which came down to moving a region to a different province, since Russia and Ukraine still belonged to the same country. The Russian speaking Crimean population was happy enough, as it voted in a referendum first for independence from the Kiev regime that resulted from the coup d\rquote \'8etat, and subsequently for reunification with Russia.\par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 \par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 Those who maintain that Putin had no right to do such a thing are unaware of another strand of history in which the United States has been moving (Star Wars) missile defense systems ever closer to Russian borders, supposedly to intercept hostile missiles from Iran, which do not exist. Sanctimonious talk about territorial integrity and sovereignty makes no sense under these circumstances, and coming from a Washington that has done away with the concept of sovereignty in its own foreign policy it is downright ludicrous.\par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 \par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 A detestable Atlanticist move was the }{\b\cf1 exclusion of Putin fro}{\cf1 m the meetings and other events connected with the }{\b\cf1 commemoration of the Normandy landings}{\cf1 , for the first time in 17 years. The G8 became the G7 as a result. Amnesia and ignorance have made the Dutch blind to a history that directly concerned them, since the Soviet Union took the heart out of the Nazi war }{\b\cf1 machine}{\cf1  (that occupied the Netherlands) at a cost of incomparable and unimaginable numbers of military dead; without that there would not have been a Normandy invasion.\par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 \par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 Not so long ago, the complete military disasters of Iraq and Afghanistan appeared to be moving NATO to a point where its inevitable demise could not to be too far off. But the Ukraine crisis and Putin\rquote s decisiveness in preventing the Crimea with its Russian Navy base from possibly falling into the hands of the American-owned alliance, has been a godsend to this earlier faltering institution.\par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 \par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 NATO leadership has already been moving troops to strengthen their presence in the Baltic states, sending missiles and attack aircraft to Poland and Lithuania, and since the downing of the Malaysian airliner it has been preparing further military moves that may turn into dangerous provocations of Russia. It has become clear that the Polish foreign minister together with the Baltic countries, none of which partook in NATO when its reason for being could still be defended, have become a strong driving force behind it.\par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 \par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 A mood of mobilization has spread in the past week. The ventriloquist dummies Anders Fogh Rasmussen and Jaap de Hoop Scheffer can be relied upon to take to TV screens inveighing against NATO member-state backsliding. Rasmussen, the current Secretary General, declared on August 7 in Kiev that NATO\rquote s \ldblquote support for the sovereignty and territorial integrity of Ukraine is unwavering\rdblquote  and that he is looking to strengthen partnership with the country at the Alliance\rquote s summit in Wales in September.\par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 \par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 That partnership is already strong, so he said, \ldblquote and in response to Russia\rquote s aggression, NATO is working even more closely with Ukraine to reform its armed forces and defense institutions.\rdblquote \par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 \par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 In the meantime, in the American Congress 23 Senate Republicans have sponsored legislation, the \ldblquote Russian Aggression Prevention Act\rdblquote , which is meant to allow Washington to make the Ukraine a non-NATO ally and could set the stage for a direct military conflict with Russia. We will probably have to wait until after America\rquote s midterm elections to see what will become of it, but it already helps provide a political excuse for those in Washington who want to take next steps in the Ukraine.\par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 \par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 In September last year Putin helped Obama by making it possible for him to stop a bombing campaign against Syria pushed by the neocons, and had also helped in defusing the nuclear dispute with Iran, another neocon project. This led to a neocon commitment to break the Putin-Obama link. It is hardly a secret that the neoconservatives desire the overthrow of Putin and eventual dismemberment of the Russian Federation.\par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 \par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 Less known in Europe is the existence of }{\b\cf1 numerous NGOs at work in Russia}{\cf1 , which will help them with this. Vladimir Putin could strike now or soon, to preempt NATO and the American Congress, by taking Eastern Ukraine, something he probably should have done right after the Crimean referendum. That would, of course, be proof of his evil intentions in European editorial eyes.\par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 \par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 In the light of all this, one of the most fateful questions to ask in current global affairs is: what has to happen for Europeans to wake up to the fact that Washington is playing with fire and has ceased being the protector they counted on, and is instead now endangering their security? Will the moment come when it becomes clear that the Ukraine crisis is, most of all, about placing Star Wars missile batteries along an extensive stretch of Russian border, which gives Washington \endash  in the insane lingo of nuclear strategists \endash  \lquote first strike\rquote  capacity?\par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 \par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 It is beginning to sink in among older Europeans that the United States has enemies who are not Europe\rquote s enemies because it needs them for domestic political reasons; to keep an economically hugely important war industry going and to test by shorthand the political bona fides of contenders for public office.\par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 \par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 But while using rogue states and terrorists as targets for \lquote just wars\rquote  has never been convincing, Putin\rquote s Russia as demonized by a militaristic NATO could help prolong the transatlantic status quo. The truth behind the fate of the Malaysian airliner, I thought from the moment that I heard about it, would be politically determined. Its black boxes are in London. In NATO hands?\par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 \par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 Other hindrances to an awakening remain huge; financialization and neoliberal policies have produced an intimate transatlantic entwining of plutocratic interests. Together with the Atlanticist faith these have helped stymie the political development of the European Union, and with that Europe\rquote s ability to proceed with independent political decisions. Since Tony Blair, Great Britain has been in Washington\rquote s pocket, and since Nicolas Sarkozy one can say more or less the same of France.\par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 \par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 That leaves Germany. Angela Merkel was clearly unhappy with the sanctions, but in the end went along because she wants to remain on the good side of the American president, and the United States as the conqueror in World War II does still have leverage through a variety of agreements. Germany\rquote s foreign minister, Frank-Walter Steinmeier, quoted in newspapers and appearing on TV, repudiated the sanctions and points at Iraq and Libya as examples of the results brought by escalation and ultimatums, yet he too swings round and in the end goes along with them.\par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 \par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 Der Spiegel is one of the German publications that offer hope. One of its columnists, Jakob Augstein, attacks the \ldblquote sleepwalkers\rdblquote  who have agreed to sanctions, and censures his colleagues\rquote  finger-pointing at Moscow. Gabor Steingart, who publishes Handelsblatt, inveighs against the \ldblquote American tendency to verbal and then to military escalation, the isolation, demonization, and attacking of enemies\rdblquote  and concludes that also German journalism \ldblquote has switched from level-headed to agitated in a matter of weeks.\par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 \par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 The spectrum of opinions has been narrowed to the field of vision of a sniper scope.\rdblquote  There must be more journalists in other parts of Europe who say things like this, but their voices do not carry through the din of vilification.\par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 \par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 History is being made, once again. What may well determine Europe\rquote s fate is that also outside the defenders of the Atlanticist faith, decent Europeans cannot bring themselves to believe in the dysfunction and utter irresponsibility of the American state.\par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 \par Original source: <http://www.unz.com/article/the-ukraine-corrupted-journalism-and-the-atlanticist-faith/>\par \par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 Karel van Wolferen\~is a Dutch journalist and retired professor at the University of Amsterdam. Since 1969, he has published over twenty books on public policy issues, which have been translated into eleven languages and sold over a million copies worldwide. As a foreign correspondent for\~NRC Handelsblad\~, one of Holland\rquote s leading newspapers, he received the highest Dutch award for journalism, and over the years his articles have appeared in\~The New York Times\~,\~The Washington Post\~,\~The New Republic\~,\~The National Interest\~,\~Le Monde\~, and numerous other newspapers and magazines.\par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 \par }\pard \widctlpar {\b\cf1 (4) Malaysian media publish evidence that Ukraine government shot down MH17 - wsws Trots\par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 \par http://www.wsws.org/en/articles/2014/08/09/mala-a09.html\par \par Malaysian press charges Ukraine government shot down MH 17\par \par By Alex Lantier\par \par 9 August 2014\par \par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 A Thursday article in the }{\b\cf1 New Straits Times, Malaysia's flagship English-language newspaper}{\cf1 , charged the US- and European-backed Ukrainian regime in Kiev with shooting down Malaysian Airlines flight MH 17 in east Ukraine last month. Given the tightly controlled character of the Malaysian media, it appears that the accusation that Kiev shot down MH17 has the imprimatur of the Malaysian state.\par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 \par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 The US and European media have buried this remarkable report, which refutes the wave of }{\b\cf1 allegations planted by the CIA in international media}{\cf1  claiming that Russian president Vladimir Putin was responsible for the destruction of MH17, without presenting any evidence to back up this charge.\par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 \par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 The New Straits Times article, titled "US analysts conclude MH17 downed by aircraft," lays out evidence that Ukrainian fighter aircraft attacked the jetliner with first a missile, then with bursts of 30-millimeter }{\b\cf1 machine gun}{\cf1  fire from both sides of MH17. The Russian army has already presented detailed radar and satellite data showing a Ukrainian Sukhoi-25 fighter jet tailing MH17 shortly before the jetliner crashed. The Kiev regime denied that its fighters were airborne in the area, however.\par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 \par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 The New Straits Times article began, "Intelligence analysts in the United States have already concluded that Malaysia flight MH17 was shot down by an air-to-air missile, and that the Ukrainian government had had something to do with it. This corroborates an emerging theory postulated by local investigators that the Boeing 777-200 was crippled by an air-to-air missile and finished off with cannon fire from a jet that had been shadowing it as it plummeted to earth."\par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 \par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 It cited "experts who had said that the photographs of the blast fragmentation patterns on the fuselage of the airliner showed two distinct shapes--the shredding pattern associated with a warhead packed with 'flechettes,' and the more uniform, round-type penetration holes consistent with that of cannon rounds."\par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 \par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 The New Straits Times cited several sources to substantiate its position. One was testimony by a Canadian-Ukrainian monitor for the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe (OSCE), Michael }{\b\cf1 Bociurkiw}{\cf1 --one of the first investigators to arrive at the crash site. Speaking to the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation on July 29, }{\b\cf1 Bociurkiw}{\cf1  said: "There have been two or three pieces of fuselage that have been really pockmarked with what almost looks like }{\b\cf1 machine gun}{\cf1  fire; very, very strong }{\b\cf1 machine gun}{\cf1  fire."\par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 \par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 Another source the paper cited was an article, "Flight 17 Shoot-Down Scenario Shifts," by former Associated Press reporter }{\b\cf1 Robert Parry}{\cf1 , who now writes for the ConsortiumNews.com web site. Given the lack of any evidence supporting US charges that pro-Russian forces shot MH17 down with a Buk anti-aircraft missile, Parry said, "some US intelligence analysts have concluded that the rebels and Russia were likely not at fault, and that it appears Ukrainian government forces were to blame, according to a source briefed on these findings."\par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 \par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 Parry indicated that sections of the US intelligence apparatus have concluded that US secretary of state John Kerry's claims that pro-Russian forces shot down the plane are lies.\par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 \par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 "Only three days after the crash, Secretary of State Kerry did the rounds of the Sunday talk shows making what he deemed an 'extraordinary circumstantial' case supposedly proving that the rebels carried out the shoot-down with missiles provided by Russia. He acknowledged that the US government was 'not drawing the final conclusion here, but there is a lot that points at the need for Russia to be responsible,' " Parry wrote. "By then, I was already being told that the US intelligence community lacked any satellite imagery supporting Kerry's allegations, and that the only Buk missile system in that part of Ukraine appeared to be under the control of the Ukrainian military."\par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 \par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 Finally, the New Straits Times and Parry both cite retired Lufthansa pilot Peter }{\b\cf1 Haisenko}{\cf1 , who has pointed to photographic evidence of MH17 wreckage suggesting that cockpit panels were raked with heavy }{\b\cf1 machine gun}{\cf1  fire from both the port and starboard sides. "Nobody before }{\b\cf1 Haisenko}{\cf1  had noticed that the projectiles had ripped through the panel from both its left side and its right side. This is what rules out any ground-fired missile," Parry wrote.\par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 \par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 The New Straits Times report constitutes a powerful accusation not only against the Ukrainian government, but against Washington, Berlin, and their European allies. They installed the Kiev regime through a fascist-led putsch in February. They then deployed a series of intelligence operatives and Blackwater mercenaries who are closely coordinating the various fascist militias and National Guard units fighting for Kiev on the ground in east Ukraine, where MH17 was shot down.\par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 \par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 These forces now stand accused not only of stoking an explosive political and military confrontation with Russia on its border with Ukraine over the MH17 crash, which threatens to erupt into nuclear war, but of provoking the confrontation through the cold-blooded murder of 298 people aboard MH17.\par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 \par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 These charges from Malaysia are all the more significant in that Malaysia is not a strategic adversary of the United States. Unlike Russia, which already presented evidence suggesting Ukrainian involvement in the crash, Malaysia has no political motive for trying to discredit the US, the European powers, or their puppet regime in Kiev.\par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 \par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 While it has not aligned itself as openly as the Philippines or Vietnam with the US "pivot to Asia" aimed at isolating China, Malaysia has pushed for deployments of its forces in the South China Sea to contest Chinese influence in the area, in line with the agenda of the US "pivot."\par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 \par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 Indeed, the New Straits Times and its sources are basing themselves on sections of US intelligence that, disgruntled by the complete lack of evidence to back up US charges against Putin and fearing catastrophic military escalation, have criticized Washington's handling of the crisis (see: "Former US intelligence personnel challenge Obama to present evidence of Russian complicity in MH17 crash").\par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 \par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 These developments also constitute yet another indictment of the Western media, which have completely blacked out the investigation of the crash of MH17 and the latest material in the New Straits Times. Instead, the elements in the CIA and their Ukrainian proxies driving the war in eastern Ukraine have been able to escalate the confrontation with Russia and demonize Putin, without any of their unsubstantiated accusations of Russian involvement in the MH17 crash being challenged.\par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 \par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 Kiev regime officials are continuing to stonewall the investigation, refusing Malaysian requests for information about MH17, such as the record of communications between the doomed plane and air traffic controllers in Kiev.\par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 \par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 In an interview with the New Straits Times, Ukrainian Ambassador to Malaysia Ihor Humennyi denied reports that the tapes had been seized by Ukraine's State Security Service (SBU). "There is no proof or evidence that the tapes were confiscated by the SBU. I only read this in the newspapers," he said.\par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 \par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 When the New Straits Times asked where the tapes were, Humennyi said he did not know. "We don't have any information that it had not been given to the investigation team, or that it was not received by the [team of international] investigators," he said.\par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 \par \{above article was re-published at Op Ed News:\par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 http://www.opednews.com/articles/Malaysian-press-charges-Uk-by-Alex-Lantier-Government-Corruption_Malaysia-Airlines-Flight-17_Putin_Russia-140809-576.html\}\par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 \par }{\b\cf1 (5) New Straits Times (Malaysia): US analysts conclude MH17 downed by aircraft\par \par }{\cf1 \~\~ Ionut Dobrinescu<idobrinescu@ddrept.net>\tab 7 August 2014 22:35\par \par http://www.nst.com.my/node/20925\par \par US analysts conclude MH17 downed by aircraft \par \par BY HARIS HUSSAIN - 7 AUGUST 2014 @ 8:20 AM \par \par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 KUALA LUMPUR: INTELLIGENCE analysts in the United States had already concluded that Malaysia Airlines flight MH17 was shot down by an air-to-air missile, and that the Ukrainian government had had something to do with it.\par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 \par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 This corroborates an emerging theory postulated by local investigators that the Boeing 777-200 was crippled by an air-to-air missile and finished off with cannon fire from a fighter that had been shadowing it as it plummeted to earth.\par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 \par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 In a damning report dated Aug 3, headlined \ldblquote Flight 17 Shoot-Down Scenario Shifts\rdblquote , }{\b\cf1 Associated Press reporter Robert Parry}{\cf1  said \ldblquote some US intelligence sources had concluded that the rebels and Russia were likely not at fault and that it appears Ukrainian government forces were to blame\rdblquote .\par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 \par This new revelation was posted on GlobalResearch, an independent research and media organisation.\par \par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 In a statement released by the Ukrainian embassy on Tuesday, }{\b\cf1 Kiev denied that its fighters were airborne during the time MH17 was shot down}{\cf1 . This follows a statement released by the Russian Defence Ministry that its air traffic control had detected Ukrainian Air Force activity in the area on the same day.\par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 \par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 They also denied all allegations made by the Russian government and said the country\rquote s core interest was in ensuring an immediate, comprehensive, transparent and unbiased international investigation into the tragedy by establishing a state commission comprising experts from the International Civil Aviation Organisation (ICAO) and Eurocontrol. \par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 \par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 \ldblquote We have evidence that the plane was downed by Russian-backed terrorist with a BUK-M1 SAM system (North Atlantic Treaty Organisation reporting name SA-11) which, together with the crew, had been supplied from Russia. This was all confirmed by our intelligence, intercepted telephone conversations of the terrorists and satellite pictures.\par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 \par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 \ldblquote At the same time, the Ukrainian Armed Forces have never used any anti-aircraft missiles since the anti-terrorist operations started in early April,\rdblquote  the statement read.\par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 \par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 Yesterday, the New Straits Times quoted experts who had said that photographs of the blast fragmentation patterns on the fuselage of the airliner showed two distinct shapes \emdash  the shredding pattern associated with a warhead packed with \ldblquote flechettes\rdblquote , and the more uniform, round-type penetration holes consistent with that of cannon rounds. \par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 \par }\pard \widctlpar {\b\cf1 Parry}{\cf1 \rquote s conclusion also stemmed from the fact that despite assertions from the Obama administration, there has not been a shred of tangible evidence to support the conclusion that Russia supplied the rebels with the BUK-M1 anti-aircraft missile system that would be needed to hit a civilian jetliner flying at 33,000 feet.\par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 \par }\pard \widctlpar {\b\cf1 Parry}{\cf1  also cited a July 29 Canadian Broadcasting Corporation interview with Michael }{\b\cf1 Bociurkiw}{\cf1 , one of the first Organisation for Security and Cooperation in Europe (OSCE) investigators to arrive at the scene of the disaster, near Donetsk.\par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 \par }\pard \widctlpar {\b\cf1 Bociurkiw}{\cf1  is a Ukrainian-Canadian monitor with OSCE who, along with another colleague, were the first international monitors to reach the wreckage after flight MH17 was brought down over eastern Ukraine. \par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 \par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 In the CBC interview, the reporter in the video preceded it with: \ldblquote The wreckage was still smouldering when a small team from the OSCE got there. No other officials arrived for days\rdblquote .\par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 \par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 \ldblquote There have been two or three pieces of fuselage that have been really }{\b\cf1 pockmarked with what almost looks like machinegun fire}{\cf1 ; very, very strong }{\b\cf1 machine}{\cf1 gun fire,\rdblquote  }{\b\cf1 Bociurkiw}{\cf1  said in the interview.\par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 \par }\pard \widctlpar {\b\cf1 Parry}{\cf1  had said that }{\b\cf1 Bociurkiw}{\cf1 \rquote s testimony is \ldblquote as close to virgin, untouched evidence and testimony as we\rquote ll ever get. Unlike a black-box interpretation-analysis long afterward by the Russian, British or Ukrainian governments, each of which has a horse in this race, this testimony from }{\b\cf1 Bociurkiw}{\cf1  is raw, independent and comes from one of the two earliest witnesses to the physical evidence.\par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 \par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 \ldblquote That\rquote s powerfully authoritative testimony. }{\b\cf1 Bociurkiw}{\cf1  arrived there fast because he negotiated with the locals for the rest of the OSCE team, who were organising to come later,\rdblquote  }{\b\cf1 Parry}{\cf1  had said.\par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 \par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 Retired }{\b\cf1 Lufthansa pilot Peter Haisenko}{\cf1  had also weighed in on the new shootdown theory with }{\b\cf1 Parry}{\cf1  and pointed to the}{\b\cf1  entry and exit holes centred}{\cf1  around the cockpit.\par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 \par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 \ldblquote You can see the entry and exit holes. The edge of a portion of the holes is bent inwards. These are the smaller holes, round and clean, showing the entry points most likely that of a 30mm caliber projectile. \par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 \par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 \ldblquote The edge of the other, the larger and slightly frayed exit holes, show shreds of metal pointing produced by the same caliber projectiles. Moreover, it is evident that these exit holes of the outer layer of the double aluminum reinforced structure are shredded or bent \emdash  outwardly.\rdblquote \par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 \par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 He deduced that in order to have some of those holes fraying inwardly, and the others fraying outwardly, there had to have been a second fighter firing into the cockpit from the airliner\rquote s starboard side. This is critical, as no surface-fired missile (or shrapnel) hitting the airliner could possibly punch holes into the cockpit from both sides of the plane.\par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 \par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 \ldblquote It had to have been a hail of bullets from both sides that brought the plane down. This is }{\b\cf1 Haisenko}{\cf1 \rquote s main discovery. You can\rquote t have projectiles going in both directions \emdash  into the left-hand-side fuselage panel from both its left and right sides \emdash  unless they are coming at the panel from different directions. \par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 \par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 \ldblquote Nobody before }{\b\cf1 Haisenko}{\cf1  had noticed that the projectiles had ripped through that panel from both its left side and its right side. This is what rules out any ground-fired missile,\rdblquote  }{\b\cf1 Parry}{\cf1  had said.\par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 \par }{\b\cf1 (6) MH17 Shoot-Down Scenario Shifts - Robert Parry\par }{\cf1 \par http://consortiumnews.com/2014/08/03/flight-17-shoot-down-scenario-shifts/\par \par Flight 17 Shoot-Down Scenario Shifts \par \par August 3, 2014 \par \par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 Exclusive: From magazine covers to\~pronouncements by top\~politicians, Official Washington jumped to the conclusion that Ukrainian rebels and Russia were guilty in the shoot-down of a Malaysian passenger plane. But some U.S. intelligence analysts may\~see the evidence differently, writes Robert }{\b\cf1 Parry}{\cf1 .\par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 \par By Robert }{\b\cf1 Parry}{\cf1 \par \par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 Contrary to the Obama administration\rquote s public claims blaming eastern Ukrainian rebels and Russia for the shoot-down of Malaysia Airlines Flight 17, some U.S. intelligence analysts have concluded that the rebels and Russia were likely not at fault and that it appears Ukrainian government forces were to blame, according to a source briefed on these findings.\par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 \par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 This judgment \endash  at odds with what President Barack Obama and Secretary of State John Kerry have expressed publicly \endash  is based largely on the absence of\~U.S. government evidence that Russia supplied the rebels with a Buk anti-aircraft missile system that would be needed to hit a civilian jetliner flying at 33,000 feet, said the source, who spoke on condition of anonymity.\par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 \par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 Despite U.S. spy satellites positioned over eastern Ukraine, U.S. intelligence agencies have released no images of a Buk system being transferred by Russians to rebel control, shipped into Ukraine, deployed into firing position and then being taken back to Russia. Though the Obama administration has released other images of Ukraine taken by U.S. spy satellites, the absence of any photos of a rebel-controlled Buk missile battery has been the dog not barking in the strident case that Official Washington has made in blaming the rebels and Russia for the July 17 shoot-down that killed 298 people.\par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 \par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 Given the size of these missile batteries \endash  containing four 16-foot-long missiles \endash  the absence of this evidence prompted\~caution among U.S. intelligence analysts even as senior U.S. officials and the U.S. mainstream media rushed to judgment blaming the rebels and\~Russians.\par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 \par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 In making that case, Kerry and other senior officials relied on claims made by the Ukrainian government along with items posted on \ldblquote social media.\rdblquote  These snippets of \ldblquote evidence\rdblquote  included ambiguous remarks attributed to rebels who may have initially thought the shoot-down was another of their successful attacks on lower-flying Ukrainian military aircraft but who later insisted that they had not fired on the Malaysian plane and lacked the longer-range Buk missiles needed to reach above 30,000 feet.\par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 \par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 If the U.S. intelligence analysts are correct \endash  that the rebels and Russia are likely not responsible \endash  the chief remaining suspect would be the Ukrainian government, which does possess Buk anti-aircraft missiles and reportedly had\~two fighter jets in the vicinity of Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 at the time of the shoot-down.\par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 \par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 Some independent analyses of the initial evidence from the crash site suggest the jetliner may have been destroyed by an air-to-air attack, not by an anti-aircraft missile fired from the ground. Yet, the working hypothesis of the U.S. intelligence analysts is that a Ukrainian military Buk battery and the jetfighters may have been operating in collusion as they hunted what they thought was a Russian airliner, possibly even the plane carrying President Vladimir Putin on a return trip from South America, the source said.\par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 \par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 The source added that the U.S. intelligence analysis does not implicate top Ukrainian officials, such as President Petro Poroshenko or Prime Minister Arseniy Yatsenyuk, suggesting that the attack may have been the work of more extremist factions, possibly even one of the Ukrainian oligarchs who have taken an aggressive approach toward prosecuting the war against the ethnic Russian rebels in the east.\par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 \par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 Obviously, a successful shoot-down of a Russian\~plane, especially one carrying Putin, could have been\~a major coup for\~the Kiev regime,\~which ousted Russian ally, President Viktor Yanukovych, last February touching off the civil war. Some prominent Ukrainian politicians, such as ex-Prime Minister Yulia Tymoshenko, have expressed the desire to kill Putin.\par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 \par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 \ldblquote It\rquote s about time we grab our guns and kill, go kill those damn Russians together with their leader,\rdblquote  Tymoshenko said in an intercepted phone call in March, according to a leak published in the Russian press and implicitly confirmed by Tymoshenko.\par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 \par The Shoot-Down Mystery \par \par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 The Malaysia Airlines plane, flying from Amsterdam to Kuala Lumpur, was not expected to be over the eastern part of Ukraine on the afternoon of July 17, but was rerouted to avoid bad weather. The plane was nearing Russian airspace when it was shot down.\par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 \par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 Some early speculation had been that the Ukrainian military }{\b\cf1 might have mistaken the plane for a Russian spy plane}{\cf1  and attacked it in a scenario similar to the Soviet shoot-down of Korean Airlines Flight 007 in 1983 after misidentifying it as a U.S. spy plane.\par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 \par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 In the two-plus weeks since the Ukrainian air disaster, there have been notable gaps between the more measured approach taken by U.S. intelligence analysts and the U.S. politicians and media personalities who quickly rushed to the judgment blaming the rebels and Russia.\par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 \par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 Only three days after the crash, Secretary of State Kerry did the rounds of the Sunday talk shows making what he deemed an \ldblquote extraordinary circumstantial\rdblquote  case supposedly proving that the rebels carried out the shoot-down with missiles provided by Russia. He acknowledged that the U.S. government was \ldblquote not drawing the final conclusion here, but there is a lot that points at the need for Russia to be responsible.\rdblquote \par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 \par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 By then, I was already being told that the U.S. intelligence community lacked any satellite imagery supporting Kerry\rquote s allegations and that the only Buk missile system in that part of Ukraine appeared to be under the control of the Ukrainian military. [See Consortiumnews.com\rquote s \ldblquote What Did US Spy Satellites See in Ukraine?\rdblquote ] \par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 \par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 On the Tuesday after Kerry\rquote s Sunday declarations, mainstream journalists, including for the Los Angeles Times and the Washington Post, were given a senior-level briefing about the U.S. intelligence information that supposedly pointed the finger of blame at the rebels and Russia. But, again, much of the \ldblquote evidence\rdblquote  was\~derived from postings on \ldblquote social media.\rdblquote \par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 \par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 The Los Angeles Times article on the briefing took note of the uncertainties: \ldblquote U.S. intelligence agencies have so far been unable to determine the nationalities or identities of the crew that launched the missile. U.S. officials said it was possible the SA-11 [the Buk anti-aircraft missile] was launched by a defector from the Ukrainian military who was trained to use similar missile systems.\rdblquote \par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 \par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 That reference to a possible \ldblquote defector\rdblquote  may have been an attempt to reconcile the U.S. government\rquote s narrative with the still-unreleased satellite imagery of the missile battery controlled by soldiers appearing to wear Ukrainian uniforms. But I\rquote m now told that U.S. intelligence analysts have largely dismissed the \ldblquote defector\rdblquote  possibility and are concentrating on the scenario of a willful Ukrainian shoot-down of the plane, albeit possibly not knowing its actual identity.\par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 \par A Hardened Conventional Wisdom\par \par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 Nevertheless, even as the mystery of who shot down Flight 17 deepened, the U.S. conventional wisdom blaming Putin and the rebels hardened. The New York Times has reported Russia\rquote s culpability in the airline disaster as flat-fact.\par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 \par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 On July 29, Obama prefaced his announcement of tougher sanctions against Russia by implicitly blaming Putin for the tragedy, too. Reading a prepared statement, Obama said: \ldblquote In the Netherlands, Malaysia, Australia, and countries around the world, families are still in shock over the sudden and tragic loss of nearly 300 loved ones senselessly killed when their civilian airliner was shot down over territory controlled by Russian-backed separatists in Ukraine.\~ \'c9\par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 \par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 \ldblquote Since the shoot-down, however, Russia and its proxies in Ukraine have failed to cooperate with the investigation and to take the opportunity to pursue a diplomatic solution to the conflict in Ukraine.\~These Russian-backed separatists have continued to interfere in the crash investigation and to tamper with the evidence. They\~have continued to shoot down Ukrainian aircraft in the region.\~And because of their actions, scores of Ukrainian civilians continue to die needlessly every day.\rdblquote  [Emphasis added.] \par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 \par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 Though one could argue that Obama was rhetorically tip-toeing around a direct accusation that the rebels and Russia were responsible for the Malaysia Airlines shoot-down, his intent clearly was to leave that impression. In other words, Obama was pandering to the conventional wisdom about Russian guilt and was misleading the American people about what the latest U.S. intelligence may suggest.\par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 \par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 It\rquote s also grotesquely deceptive to blame the Russians and the rebels for the indiscriminate shelling by government forces that have claimed hundreds of lives in eastern Ukraine. The rebels have been resisting what they regard as an illegitimate coup regime that, with the aid of }{\b\cf1 neo-Nazi}{\cf1  militias from western Ukraine, overthrew elected President Yanukovych in February and then moved to marginalize and suppress the ethnic Russian population in the east.\par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 \par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 By presenting the conflict in\~a one-sided way, Obama not only misled Americans about the origins of the Ukraine crisis but, in effect, gave the Kiev regime a green light\~to slaughter more ethnic Russians. By pointing the finger of blame at Moscow for all the troubles of Ukraine, Obama has created more geopolitical space for Kiev to expand its brutal onslaught that now has included reported use of poorly targeted ballistic missiles against population centers.\par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 \par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 Obama\rquote s covering for the Kiev regime is even more outrageous if the U.S. intelligence analysts are right to suspect that Ukrainian forces were behind\~the Flight 17 shoot-down.\par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 \par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 And as for who\rquote s been responsible for destroying evidence of the Flight 17 shoot-down, an assault by the Ukrainian military on the area where the plane crashed not only delayed access by international investigators but\~appears to have touched off a fire that consumed plane debris that could have helped identify the reasons for the disaster.\par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 \par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 On Saturday, the last paragraph of a New York Times story by Andrew E. Kramer reported that \ldblquote the fighting ignited a fire in a wheat field that burned over fuselage fragments, including one that was potentially relevant to the crash investigation because it had what appeared to be shrapnel holes.\rdblquote  The shrapnel holes have been cited by independent analysts as possible evidence of an attack by Ukrainian jetfighters.\par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 \par Accepting Reality\par \par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 Yet, given how far the U.S. political/media establishment has gone in its Flight 17 judgment pinning the blame on the rebels and Russia even before an official investigation was started, it\rquote s not clear how those power-brokers would respond if the emerging analysis fingering Ukrainian forces turns out to be correct.\par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 \par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 The embarrassment to high-level U.S. officials and prominent mainstream U.S. news outlets would be so extreme that it is hard to believe that the reality would ever be acknowledged.\~ Indeed, there surely will be intense pressure on airline investigators and intelligence analysts to endorse the Putin-is-to-blame narrative.\par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 \par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 And, if the investigators and analysts won\rquote t go that far, they might at least avoid a direct contradiction of the conventional wisdom by suggesting that the Flight 17 mystery remains unsolved, something for historians to unravel.\par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 \par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 Such has been the pattern in other cases of major mainstream mistakes. For instance, last year, some of the same players, including Secretary Kerry and the New York Times, jumped to conclusions blaming the Syrian government for an Aug. 21 sarin gas attack that killed hundreds of people in a Damascus suburb.\par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 \par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 On Aug. 30, Kerry gave a bellicose speech filled with \ldblquote we knows\rdblquote  but providing no verifiable evidence. A punitive U.S. bombing campaign against the Syrian government was\~averted at the last minute when President Obama decided to first seek congressional approval and then accepted President Putin\rquote s assistance in working out a deal in which the Syrian government surrendered all its chemical weapons while still denying a role in the Aug. 21 incident.\par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 \par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 Only later did much of Kerry\rquote s case fall apart as new evidence pointed to an alternative explanation, that extremist Syrian rebels released the sarin\~as a provocation\~to push Obama across his \ldblquote red line\rdblquote  and into committing the U.S. military to the Syrian civil war on the side of the rebels. But neither U.S. officialdom nor the mainstream U.S. press has acknowledged the dangerous \ldblquote group think\rdblquote  that almost got the United States into another unnecessary war in the Middle East. [See Consortiumnews.com\rquote s \ldblquote The Collapsing Syria-Sarin Case.\rdblquote ] \par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 \par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 It may seem cynical to suggest that the powers-that-be in Official Washington are so caught up in their own propaganda that they would prefer the actual killers of innocent people \endash  whether in Syria or Ukraine \endash  to go unpunished, rather than to admit their own mistakes. But that is often how the powerful react. Nothing is more important than their reputations.\par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 \par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 Investigative reporter Robert }{\b\cf1 Parry}{\cf1  broke many of the Iran-Contra stories for The Associated Press and Newsweek in the 1980s. \par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 \par }{\b (7) NYT admits Ukraine using Neo-Nazis as shock troops to kill separatists in East - Robert Parry\par }\par http://consortiumnews.com/2014/08/10/nyt-discovers-ukraines-{\b neo-Nazi}s-at-war/\par \par NYT Discovers Ukraine\rquote s Neo-Nazis at War \par \par August 10, 2014 \par \par \pard \widctlpar Exclusive: Throughout the Ukraine crisis, the U.S. State Department and mainstream media have downplayed the\~role of {\b neo-Nazi}s in the U.S.-backed Kiev regime, an inconvenient truth that is surfacing again as right-wing storm troopers fly {\b neo-Nazi} banners as they attack\~in the east, Robert {\b Parry} reports.\par \pard \widctlpar \par By Robert {\b Parry}\par \par \pard \widctlpar The New York Times reported almost in passing on Sunday that the Ukrainian government\rquote s offensive against ethnic Russian rebels in the east has unleashed far-right paramilitary militias that\~have even raised a {\b neo-Nazi} banner over the conquered town of Marinka, just west of the rebel stronghold of Donetsk.\par \pard \widctlpar \par \pard \widctlpar That might seem like a big story \endash  a U.S.-backed military operation, which has inflicted thousands of mostly civilian casualties, is being spearheaded by {\b neo-Nazi}s. But the consistent pattern of the mainstream U.S. news media has been \endash  since the start of the Ukraine crisis \endash  to white-out the role of Ukraine\rquote s brown-shirts.\par \pard \widctlpar \par \pard \widctlpar \{photo\} http://consortiumnews.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/03/Screen-shot-2014-03-30-at-1.31.29-PM-300x171.png\par Far-right militia members demonstrating outside Ukrainian parliament in Kiev in March 2014. (Screen shot from RT video via YouTube video)\par \pard \widctlpar \{end photo\}\par \par \pard \widctlpar Only occasionally is the word \ldblquote {\b neo-Nazi}\rdblquote  mentioned and usually in the context of dismissing this inconvenient truth as \ldblquote Russian propaganda.\rdblquote  Yet the reality has been that {\b neo-Nazi}s played a key role in the violent overthrow of elected President Viktor Yanukovych last February as well as\~in the subsequent coup regime holding power in Kiev and now in the eastern offensive.\par \pard \widctlpar \par \pard \widctlpar On Sunday, a Times article by Andrew E. Kramer mentioned the emerging {\b neo-Nazi} paramilitary role in the final three paragraphs:\par \pard \widctlpar \par \pard \widctlpar \ldblquote The fighting for Donetsk has taken on a lethal pattern: The regular army bombards separatist positions from afar, followed by chaotic, {\b violent assaults by} some of the {\b half-dozen or so paramilitary groups} surrounding Donetsk who are willing to plunge into urban combat.\par \pard \widctlpar \par \pard \widctlpar \ldblquote Officials in Kiev say the {\b militias and the army coordinate their actions}, but the militias, which count about 7,000 fighters, are {\b angry and, at times, uncontrollable}. One known as Azov, which took over the village of Marinka, flies{\b  a neo-Nazi symbol resembling a Swastika} as its flag.\par \pard \widctlpar \par \pard \widctlpar \ldblquote In pressing their advance, the fighters took their orders from a local army commander, rather than from Kiev. In the video of the attack, no restraint was evident. Gesturing toward a suspected pro-Russian position, one soldier screamed, \lquote The bastards are right there!\rquote  Then he opened fire.\rdblquote \par \pard \widctlpar \par \pard \widctlpar In other words, the {\b neo-Nazi} militias that surged to the front of anti-Yanukovych protests last February have {\b now been organized as shock troops} dispatched to kill ethnic Russians in the east \endash  and they are operating so openly that they {\b hoist a Swastika-like neo-Nazi flag} over one conquered village with a population of about 10,000.\par \pard \widctlpar \par \pard \widctlpar Burying this information at the end of a long article is also typical of how the Times and other U.S. mainstream news outlets have dealt with the {\b neo-Nazi} problem in the past. When the reality gets mentioned, it usually requires a reader knowing much about Ukraine\rquote s history and reading between the lines of a U.S. news account.\par \pard \widctlpar \par \pard \widctlpar For instance, last April 6, the New York Times published a human-interest profile of a Ukrainian nationalist\~named Yuri Marchuk who was wounded in the uprising against Yanukovych in February. If you read deep\~into the story, you\~learn that Marchuk was a leader of the right-wing Svoboda from Lviv, which \endash  if you did your own\~research \endash  you would discover is a {\b neo-Nazi} stronghold where Ukrainian nationalists hold torch-light parades in honor of World War II Nazi collaborator Stepan Bandera.\par \pard \widctlpar \par \pard \widctlpar Without providing that context, the Times does mention that Lviv militants plundered a government arsenal and dispatched 600 militants a day to Kiev\rquote s Maidan square to do battle with the police. Marchuk also described how these well-organized militants, consisting of paramilitary brigades of 100 fighters each, launched the fateful attack against the police on Feb. 20, the battle where Marchuk was wounded and where the death toll suddenly spiked into scores of protesters and about a dozen police.\par \pard \widctlpar \par \pard \widctlpar Marchuk\~later said he visited his comrades at the occupied City Hall. What the Times doesn\rquote t mention is that City Hall was festooned with Nazi banners and even a Confederate battle flag as a tribute to white supremacy.\par \pard \widctlpar \par \pard \widctlpar The Times touched on the inconvenient {\b neo-Nazi} truth again on April 12 in an article about the mysterious death of {\b neo-Nazi} leader Oleksandr Muzychko, who was killed during a shootout with police on March 24. The article quoted a local Right Sektor leader, Roman Koval, explaining the crucial role of his organization in carrying out the anti-Yanukovych coup.\par \pard \widctlpar \par \pard \widctlpar \ldblquote Ukraine\rquote s February revolution, said Mr. Koval, would never have happened without Right Sector and other militant groups,\rdblquote  the Times wrote.\par \pard \widctlpar \par Burning Insects\par \par \pard \widctlpar The brutality of these {\b neo-Nazi}s surfaced again on May 2 when right-wing toughs in Odessa attacked an encampment of ethnic Russian protesters driving them into a trade union building which was then set on fire with Molotov cocktails. As the building was engulfed in flames, some people who tried to flee were chased and beaten, while those trapped inside heard the Ukrainian nationalists liken them to black-and-red-striped potato beetles called Colorados, because those colors are used in pro-Russian ribbons.\par \pard \widctlpar \par \ldblquote Burn, Colorado, burn\rdblquote  went the chant.\par \par \pard \widctlpar As the fire worsened, those dying inside were serenaded with the taunting singing of the Ukrainian national anthem. The building also was spray-painted with Swastika-like symbols and graffiti reading \ldblquote Galician SS,\rdblquote  a reference to the Ukrainian nationalist army that fought alongside the German Nazi SS in World War II, killing Russians on the eastern front.\par \pard \widctlpar \par \pard \widctlpar The death by fire of dozens of people in Odessa\~recalled a World War II incident in 1944 when elements of a Galician SS police regiment took part in the massacre of the Polish village of Huta Pieniacka, which had been a refuge for Jews and was protected by Russian and Polish partisans. Attacked by a mixed force of Ukrainian police and German soldiers on Feb. 28, 1944, hundreds of townspeople were massacred, including many locked in barns that were set ablaze.\par \pard \widctlpar \par \pard \widctlpar The legacy of World War II \endash  especially the bitter fight between Ukrainian nationalists from the west and ethnic Russians from the east seven decades ago \endash  is never far from the surface in Ukrainian politics. One of the heroes celebrated during the Maidan protests in Kiev was Nazi collaborator Stepan Bandera, whose name was honored in many banners including one on a podium where Sen. John McCain voiced support for the uprising to oust Yanukovych, whose political base was among ethnic Russians in eastern Ukraine.\par \pard \widctlpar \par \pard \widctlpar During World War II, Bandera headed the Organization of Ukrainian Nationalists-B, a radical paramilitary movement that sought to transform Ukraine into a racially pure state. OUN-B took part in the expulsion and extermination of thousands of Jews and Poles.\par \pard \widctlpar \par \pard \widctlpar Though most of the Maidan protesters in 2013-14 appeared motivated by anger over political corruption and by a desire to join the European Union,\~{\b neo-Nazi}s made up a significant number and surged to the front during the seizure of government buildings and the climatic clashes with police.\par \pard \widctlpar \par \pard \widctlpar In the days after the Feb. 22 coup, as the {\b neo-Nazi} militias effectively controlled the government, European and U.S. diplomats scrambled to help the shaken parliament put together the semblance of a respectable regime, although at least four ministries, including national security, were awarded to the right-wing extremists in recognition of their crucial role in ousting Yanukovych.\par \pard \widctlpar \par \pard \widctlpar As extraordinary as it was for a modern European state to hand ministries over to {\b neo-Nazi}s,\~virtually the entire U.S. news media\~cooperated in\~playing down the {\b neo-Nazi} role. Stories in the U.S. media delicately step around this {\b neo-Nazi} reality by keeping out relevant context, such as the background of coup regime\rquote s national security chief Andriy Parubiy, who founded the Social-National Party of Ukraine in 1991, blending radical Ukrainian nationalism with {\b neo-Nazi} symbols. Parubiy was commandant of the Maidan\rquote s \ldblquote self-defense\~forces.\rdblquote \par \pard \widctlpar \par \pard \widctlpar Last April, as the Kiev regime launched its \ldblquote anti-terrorist operation\rdblquote  against the ethnic Russians in the east, Parubiy announced that his right-wing paramilitary forces, incorporated as National Guard units, would lead the way. On April 15, Parubiy went on Twitter to declare, \ldblquote Reserve unit of National Guard formed #Maidan Self-defense volunteers was sent to the front line this morning.\rdblquote  (Parubiy resigned from his post this past week for unexplained reasons.)\par \pard \widctlpar \par \pard \widctlpar Now, however, as the Ukrainian military tightens its noose around the remaining rebel strongholds, battering them with artillery fire and aerial bombardments, thousands of {\b neo-Nazi} militia members are again pressing to the front as fiercely motivated fighters determined to kill as many ethnic Russians as they can. It is a remarkable\~story but one that the mainstream U.S. news media would prefer not to notice.{\cf1 \par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 \par Threatening Russia: The Unanswered Questions of Malaysian Airlines MH17 | Global Research\par \par \~\~ Ionut Dobrinescu<idobrinescu@ddrept.net>\tab 4 August 2014 03:39\par \par }{\b\cf1 (8) Ukraine a key part of pivot to Asia - Mike Whitney\par }{\cf1 \par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 http://www.globalresearch.ca/threatening-russia-the-unanswered-questions-of-malaysian-airlines-mh17/5394664\par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 \par The Unanswered Questions of Malaysian Airlines MH17 \par \par By Mike Whitney\par \par Global Research, August 03, 2014\par \par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 If you\rquote re starting to think that everything you\rquote ve read about the MH17 crash is bullshit, you\rquote re probably right. There\rquote s not much truth to most of it.\par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 \par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 But why would the administration lie about things that are so easy to disprove? What\rquote s the point? Are they just getting sloppy and apathetic or is something else going on here?\par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 \par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 To get a handle on what\rquote s really going on, we have to understand that Ukraine is not just another bloody afterthought like Iraq, Afghanistan or Syria, none of which would dramatically impact the US\rquote s role as the world\rquote s only superpower. Ukraine is different. Ukraine is an essential part of Washington\rquote s plan to pivot to Asia. If Washington is unable to achieve its objectives in Ukraine \emdash  create a chokepoint for vital resources flowing from Russia to the EU, }{\b\cf1 establish NATO bases in the heart of Eurasia}{\cf1 , and drive a wedge between Moscow and Brussels \emdash  then the plan to maintain US global hegemony for the next century will fail. And if the plan fails, then China will gradually become the world\rquote s biggest and most powerful economy, economic ties between Moscow and Europe grow stronger, and the US will slide into irreversible decline. Get the picture?\par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 \par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 This is the scenario that Washington wants to avoid at all cost. That\rquote s why the anti-Russia hysteria in the media has been so ferocious and unrelenting. That\rquote s why the }{\b\cf1 State Department assisted in the coup d\rquote \'8etat that toppled the Ukrainian government}{\cf1  and triggered the crisis. And that\rquote s why ruling elites of all stripes have thrown their support behind a policy that recklessly pits one nuclear-armed adversary against another. It\rquote s because the bigshot money-guys who run this country are bound and determined to be the Kingfish for the next hundred years even if it means plunging the world into the abyss of a third world war. That\rquote s just a chance they\rquote re willing to take.\par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 \par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 Mike Whitney\~lives in Washington state. He is a contributor to\~Hopeless: Barack Obama and the Politics of Illusion\~(AK Press).\~Hopeless is also available in a\~Kindle edition.\~He can be reached at\~fergiewhitney@msn.com.\par }\pard \widctlpar {\cf1 \par }{\b (9) Tensions grow in Germany over threat of war with Russia\par }\par  http://www.wsws.org/en/articles/2014/08/11/germ-a11.html\par \par By Ulrich Rippert and Peter Schwarz\par \par 11 August 2014\par \par \pard \widctlpar A fierce dispute over German policy towards Russia has broken out between two leading German business newspapers, Handelsblatt and Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung (FAZ). While the FAZ calls for a robust confrontation with Russia, the Handelsblatt describes this as a "wrong track" leading directly to war. The conflict expresses sharp divisions within the ruling class over the future direction of German foreign policy.\par \pard \widctlpar \par \pard \widctlpar Since the start of the crisis in Ukraine, virtually the entire German media has supported and encouraged the federal government's aggressive line. The {\b Handelsblatt, speaking for the German export industry}, had merely cautioned for a little more prudence.\par \pard \widctlpar \par \pard \widctlpar But last Monday, Handelsblatt publisher Gabor Steingart made a {\b frontal attack on the FAZ}. In his "Morning Briefing" column, delivered daily by e-mail to Handelsblatt subscribers, he {\b accused the FAZ editorial board of "openly" calling "for a strike against Russia."} He referred to the lead article, "Show strength," published the same day on the front page of the FAZ, which demanded that the West "strengthen and also demonstrate its willingness for military defense." Such phrases amount to an "ideological conscription order," Steingart charged.\par \pard \widctlpar \par \pard \widctlpar The FAZ responded immediately. Christian Geyer described Steingart's accusations as "ludicrous" and accused him of submitting to "pressure from the business lobby" and making himself into a "mouth-piece for an economism for which business is the be-all and end-all". Steingart's maxim, Geyer charged, was: "Be nice to Putin, whatever he does; otherwise business located in Germany will have an economic problem."\par \pard \widctlpar \par \pard \widctlpar According to the FAZ, "military aggression" by the Russian army has already begun, and anyone who failed to take this into consideration had tragically lost contact with reality.\par \pard \widctlpar \par \pard \widctlpar Steingart responded with a long essay, "The West on the wrong path," which simultaneously appeared in Russian and English on Friday. The article is noteworthy because it adopts an openness rarely found in the bourgeois media to warn of the imminent threat of war with Russia.\par \pard \widctlpar \par \pard \widctlpar The Handelsblatt publisher compares the war propaganda against Russia with the war fever at the beginning of the First World War. He writes that the formula that "History does not repeat itself" brings him no comfort, as the US Congress is openly discussing arming Ukraine. Former security adviser Zbigniew Brzezinski was recommending equipping local citizens there for house-to-house and street combat. And the German chancellor was declaring herself ready "to take severe measures."\par \pard \widctlpar \par \pard \widctlpar Steingart attacked the conformism of the German media, citing by name the Tagesspiegel, Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung, S\'9fddeutsche Zeitung and Der Spiegel. In his view, German journalism has "switched from level-headed to agitated" in a few weeks. The spectrum of opinion had been "narrowed to the field of vision of a sniper scope ... Newspapers we thought to be all about thoughts and ideas now march in lock-step with politicians in their calls for sanctions against Russia's President Putin."\par \pard \widctlpar \par \pard \widctlpar At the end of his article, Steingart urgently appeals to Chancellor Angela Merkel and Foreign Minister Frank-Walter Steinmeier to abandon the political course of the United States. "(N)o one is forcing us to play the role of vassals," he writes. Everyone can see how President Obama "and Putin are driving as in a dream directly towards a sign which reads: Dead End."\par \pard \widctlpar \par \pard \widctlpar Steingart argues that the American tendency to engage in military escalation has not proven itself. After the successful Normandy landing in the Second World War, all major US wars--Korea, Vietnam, Iraq and Afghanistan--had been clear failures. Moving NATO units towards the Polish border and thinking about arming Ukraine was "a continuation of a lack of diplomacy by military means."\par \pard \widctlpar \par \pard \widctlpar Steingart advises the federal government to be guided by the example of Willy Brandt. Brandt, as mayor of Berlin in 1961, had reined in his impotent rage over the construction of the Wall, "so as not to slip from the catastrophe of division into the much greater catastrophe of war." Instead of pursuing a "policy of running your head against the wall", Germany needed a policy designed to achieve a "reconciliation of interests" with Russia.\par \pard \widctlpar \par \pard \widctlpar The sharp exchange of words between the two business dailies shows that the risk of a war with Russia, which may develop into a nuclear catastrophe, is far more imminent than is otherwise admitted by the media. The Handelsblatt editor's stark warning of an imminent military escalation clearly reveals that leading capitalist interests take this threat very seriously.\par \pard \widctlpar \par \pard \widctlpar For a long time, German business organisations have--albeit grudgingly--declared their willingness to bow to the "primacy of politics" in the Ukraine crisis. However, following the imposition of tough sanctions against Russia, which have also had a telling effect on the German economy and threaten to throw Europe back into recession, they are now breaking their silence.\par \pard \widctlpar \par \pard \widctlpar At the same time, the danger of military confrontation increases daily. The Ukrainian army's besieging and bombardment of the cities of Luhansk and Donetsk has forced hundreds of thousands to flee to Russia, and is aimed at provoking Russia into a military response.\par \pard \widctlpar \par \pard \widctlpar On Thursday, {\b NATO Secretary General Anders Fogh Rasmussen travelled to Kiev and ensured the Ukrainian government of the Western alliance's financial and military backing}. US President Barack Obama also announced support for the regime in Kiev. At the same time, the US Navy announced that a guided missile warship, the Vella Gulf, was to arrive Thursday in the Black Sea with a 400-man crew.\par \pard \widctlpar \par \pard \widctlpar This has led to more calls from within leading German circles advocating a fundamental reorientation of foreign policy: a departure from the alliance with the US and closer cooperation with Russia.\par \pard \widctlpar \par \pard \widctlpar Steingart makes a sharp attack on US foreign policy, but he falls short of calling for such a change of course. That is done instead by Jakob Augstein, who recommends a very similar line to Steingart's in his weekly Spiegel Online column. While the Spiegel editors clamour an for aggressive confrontation with Russia, Spiegel co-owner Augstein pleads for the build-up of new security structures together with Russia--and "if necessary without the United States." [...]\par \pard \widctlpar \par {\b (10) Why have the media and Obama administration gone silent on MH17?\par }\par http://www.wsws.org/en/articles/2014/08/18/ukmh-a18.html\par \par By Niles Williamson \par \par 18 August 2014 \par \par \pard \widctlpar The deafening silence of the US media and government about the investigation into the downing of Malaysian Airlines Flight MH17 one month ago reeks of a cover-up.\par \pard \widctlpar \par \pard \widctlpar In the hours and days immediately after the crash, without a single shred of evidence, US officials alleged that the passenger jet was shot down by an SA-11 ground-to-air missile fired from pro-Russian separatist-held territory in eastern Ukraine. They launched a political campaign to obtain harsh economic sanctions against Russia and strengthen NATO\rquote s military posture in Eastern Europe.\par \pard \widctlpar \par \pard \widctlpar Picking up on the scent, the CIA attack dogs in the US and European media blamed the crash squarely on Russian President Vladimir Putin. The cover of the July 28 print edition of German news magazine Der Spiegel showed the images of MH17 victims surrounding bold red text reading \ldblquote Stoppt Putin Jetzt!\rdblquote  (Stop Putin Now!). A July 26 editorial in the Economist declared Putin to be the author of MH17\rquote s destruction, while the magazine ghoulishly superimposed {\b Putin\rquote s face over a spider web} on its front cover, denouncing Putin\rquote s \ldblquote web of lies.\rdblquote \par \pard \widctlpar \par \pard \widctlpar Anyone comparing the media\rquote s demonization of Putin with their treatment of Saddam Hussein or Muammar Gaddafi had to conclude that {\b Washington was launching a campaign for regime change in Russia} like those it carried out in Libya and Iraq\emdash this time, recklessly pushing the United States towards war with a nuclear-armed power, Russia.\par \pard \widctlpar \par \pard \widctlpar Having built up the crash into a casus belli against Russia, however, the US media suddenly dropped the matter completely. The New York Times has not found it fit to print a word on the MH17 crash since August 7.\par \pard \widctlpar \par \pard \widctlpar There is no innocent explanation for the sudden disappearance of MH17 from the media and political spotlight. The plane\rquote s black box has been held in Britain for examination for weeks, and US and Russian spy satellites and military radar were intensively scanning east Ukraine at the time of the crash. The claim that Washington does not have detailed knowledge of the circumstances of the crash and the various forces involved is not credible.\par \pard \widctlpar \par \pard \widctlpar If the evidence that is in Washington\rquote s hands incriminated only Russia and the Russian-backed forces, it would have been released to feed the media frenzy against Putin. If it has not been released, this is because the evidence points to the involvement of the Ukrainian regime in Kiev and its backers in Washington and the European capitals.\par \pard \widctlpar \par \pard \widctlpar From the outset, the Obama administration presented no evidence to back up the incendiary charges that Putin was responsible for the MH17 crash. In his press briefing on July 18, the day after the crash, President Obama stated that it was still \ldblquote too early for us to be able to guess what the intentions of those who might have launched this surface-to-air missile might have had.\rdblquote \par \pard \widctlpar \par \pard \widctlpar While cynically exploiting the crash to pressure and threaten Russia, Obama warned that \ldblquote there will likely be misinformation\rdblquote  in the coverage of the crash. In a backhanded acknowledgment that he had no evidence to support his claims, he said: \ldblquote In terms of identifying specifically what individual or group of individuals or personnel ordered the strike, how it came about those are things that I think are still going to be subject to additional information that we\rquote re going to be gathering.\rdblquote \par \pard \widctlpar \par \pard \widctlpar In the event, the misinformation on the MH17 crash came from the Obama administration itself. Secretary of State John Kerry went on a media blitz on July 20, arguing that the pro-Russian separatists and the Russian government were responsible for the shoot-down.\par \pard \widctlpar \par \pard \widctlpar The sole evidence he presented were a few, dubious \ldblquote social media records\rdblquote  posted to the Internet. He presented unauthenticated audio recordings of separatists speaking of a plane crash, edited and released by Ukraine\rquote s SBU intelligence agency, which works closely with the CIA; YouTube video clips showing a truck moving unidentified military equipment along a road; and a retracted social media statement claiming responsibility for shooting down a plane attributed to separatist leader Igor Strelkov.\par \pard \widctlpar \par \pard \widctlpar Very quickly, the US government\rquote s story line on MH17 began to collapse. At a press briefing on July 21, State Department spokesperson and former CIA Middle East analyst Marie Harf declared that the Obama administration\rquote s conclusions regarding the downing of the plane were \ldblquote based on open information which is basically common sense.\rdblquote  Challenged by reporters to provide the evidence, she admitted that she could not: \ldblquote I know it\rquote s frustrating. Believe me, we try to get as much out there are possible. And for some reason, sometimes we can\rquote t.\rdblquote \par \pard \widctlpar \par \pard \widctlpar After a month during which Washington has failed to release evidence to support its charges against Putin, it is clear that the political offensive of the NATO governments and the media frenzy against Putin were based on lies.\par \pard \widctlpar \par \pard \widctlpar If pro-Russian separatists had fired a ground-to-air missile, as the US government claims, the Air Force would have imagery in their possession confirming it beyond a shadow of a doubt. The {\b US Air Force\rquote s Defense Support Program utilizes satellites with infrared sensors to detect missile launches} anywhere on the planet, and {\b US radar posts in Europe would have tracked the missile} as it shot through the sky. These satellite and radar {\b data have not been released}, because whatever they show does not fit the storyline concocted by the US government and media.\par \pard \widctlpar \par \pard \widctlpar What has emerged, instead, is a drumbeat of evidence pointing to the US-backed regime in Kiev\rquote s role in the MH17 shoot-down. The day after Kerry made his remarks, the Russian military presented radar and satellite data indicating that a Ukrainian SU-25 fighter jet was in the immediate vicinity and ascending towards MH17 as it was shot down. This claim has not been addressed, let alone refuted by the American government.\par \pard \widctlpar \par \pard \widctlpar NSA whistle-blower William Binney and other retired American intelligence agents issued a statement at the end of July calling into question the social media data presented by Kerry, and demanding the publication of satellite imagery of the missile launch. They added, \ldblquote We are hearing indirectly from some of our former colleagues that what Secretary Kerry is peddling does not square with the real intelligence.\rdblquote \par \pard \widctlpar \par \pard \widctlpar On August 9, the Malaysian New Straits Times published an article charging the Kiev regime with shooting down MH17. It stated that evidence from the crash site indicated that the plane was shot down by a Ukrainian fighter with a missile followed by heavy {\b machine gun} fire.\par \pard \widctlpar \par \pard \widctlpar While it is {\b too early to say conclusively how MH17 was shot down}, the preponderance of the evidence points directly at the Ukrainian regime and, behind them, the American government and the European powers. They created the conditions for the destruction of MH17, backing the fascist-led coup in Kiev this February that brought the current pro-Western regime to power. The Western media then supported the Kiev regime\rquote s war to suppress opposition to the putsch in east Ukraine, turning the region into a war zone in which MH17 was then shot down.\par \pard \widctlpar \par \pard \widctlpar After the murder of the 298 people aboard MH17, in which they played an important if as-yet unexplained role, Western governments and intelligence agencies seized upon the tragedy in a reckless and sinister maneuver to escalate war threats against the Putin regime. Silence denotes consent, and the deafening silence of the Western media on the issue of Kiev\rquote s involvement in the MH17 crash testifies to the criminalization not only of the foreign policy establishment, but also of its media lackeys and the entire ruling class.\par {\cf1 \par }This newsletter is at http://mailstar.net/bulletins/140819-b2444-MH17.rtf\par }  \e19
0{
}