{\rtf1\ansi\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f1\fswiss\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}{\f2\fswiss\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0606020202030204}Arial Narrow;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}{\stylesheet{\fs24 \snext0 Normal;}} \pard\plain \margl1440\margr1440 {\footer \pard\plain \tqr\tx9360 \fs20 {\tab Page }{\field{\*\fldinst PAGE}{\fldrslt 1}}{\par }}\ltrpar \sectd \ltrsect\psz1\linex2949\headery864\endnhere\titlepg\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj\sftnrestart {\headerr \ltrpar \pard\plain \ltrpar\qr Vita for Theresa Van Lith\par }{\headerf \ltrpar \pard\plain \ltrpar\qr \par }{\pard \qc\keepn {\b\fs28 Curriculum Vitae}\par }{\fs8 \pard \keepn \par }{\pard \qc\keepn {\b\fs28 Theresa Van Lith}\par }{\fs8 \pard \keepn \par }{\pard \qc\keepn June 03, 2016\par }{\fs8 \pard \keepn \par }\pard \keepn \par {\pard \qc\keepn {\b General Information}\par }\pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-2160\li2160\tx2160 University address:\tab Art Therapy\line Art Education\line College of Fine Arts\line William Johnston Building 1032\line Florida State University\line Tallahassee, Florida 32306-1232\line \par \pard \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-2160\li2160\tx2160 E-mail address:\tab tvanlith@fsu.edu\par \pard \pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-2160\li2160\tx2160 Web site:\tab www.understandingarttherapy.com\par \pard \pard \keepn \par \pard \par \pard \keepn {\b Professional Preparation}\par \pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-1800\li1800\tx1800 2013\tab Ph.D., La Trobe University. Major: Public Health. Art Therapy. Supervisor: Prof. Margot Schofield. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\fi-720\li2520 Van Lith, T. (2013). {\i When Change is the Only Constant: The Role of Art Making in Mental Health Recovery}. Unpublished doctoral dissertation, La Trobe University. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-1800\li1800\tx1800 2006\tab MA, La Trobe University. Major: Art Therapy. Supervisor: Dr. Patricia Fenner. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\fi-720\li2520 Van Lith, T. (2006). {\i Utilising Art Therapy Processes to Assist a Young Person with Mental Illness Through their Transition from a Long-term Inpatient Stay into a Psychosocial Residential Rehabilitation Setting}. Unpublished master's thesis, La Trobe University. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-1800\li1800\tx1800 2003\tab BA Psychology, Australian National University. Major: Psychology. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \par \pard \keepn {\b Professional Credential(s)}\par \pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-1800\li1800\tx1800 2014\u8211?present\tab ATR. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-1800\li1800\tx1800 2006\u8211?present\tab AThR. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \par \pard \keepn {\b Professional Experience}\par \pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-1800\li1800\tx1800 2013\u8211?present\tab Assistant Professor, Art Education, Florida State University. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-1800\li1800\tx1800 2013\tab Teaching Faculty 1, Art Education, Florida State University. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-1800\li1800\tx1800 2006\u8211?2013\tab Casual Lecturer, Department of Counselling and Psychological Health, La Trobe University. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \par \pard \keepn {\b Honors, Awards, and Prizes}\par \pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\fi-720\li720 Postgraduate Research Scholarship, La Trobe University (2009). ($91,000). \par \pard \pard \par \pard \par \pard \keepn {\b Fellowship(s)}\par \pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\fi-720\li720 Victorian Department of Human Services Mental Health Fellowship (2008\u8211?2009).\par \pard \pard \par \pard \par \pard \keepn {\b Current Membership in Professional Organizations}\par \pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\fi-720\li720 Member of the Florida Art Therapy Association \par \pard \pard \keepn\fi-720\li720 Professional Member of the American Art Therapy Association \par \pard \pard \keepn\fi-720\li720 Professional Member of the Australian and New Zealand Art Therapy Association \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn \par {\pard \qc\keepn {\b Teaching}\par }\pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn {\b Courses Taught}\par \pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\fi-720\li720 Supervised Research in Art Therapy (ARE5910)\par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Multicultural Issues & Art Therapy (ARE 5930)\par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Practicum I (ARE 5941)\par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Art Therapy Special Populations (ARE 4550c)\par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Research Survey (ARE 5745)\par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Master's Thesis (ARE 5971)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \par \pard \keepn {\b Clinical Practice}\par \pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\fi-720\li720 Private Practice - With clients referred through the Victorian Department of Human Services and Mental Health Community Services (2013)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\fi-720\li720 Richmond Fellowship of Victoria - Art Therapist Duties: Facilitating an art therapy group on a weekly basis for young adults who are living in 24-hour psychosocial residential rehabilitation service (2012)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\fi-720\li720 Male and Female Secure Welfare - Art Therapist Duties: Provided individual art therapy to children and adolescents who were in protective custody (2009)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\fi-720\li720 Austin Child and Adolescent Mental Health Service - Duties: Working in an outpatient team as a case manager, individual art therapist and co-facilitator of a group art therapy program. Part of my role included conducting and writing assessments, planning and implementing individual service plans, liaising with families, schools and other professionals involved in the client as well as writing up to date case notes (2005)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\fi-720\li720 Hands-On Studio - Art Teacher Duties: Teaching art to adults with moderate to severe disabilities in a safe and friendly atmosphere. The class was primarily concerned with printmaking and presenting the artwork in a professional manner in order to be displayed and sold (2004)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\fi-720\li720 Yarraville Special Developmental School - Duties: Providing individual and group art therapy to children and teenagers with severe intellectual disabilities. This included conducting a presentation on art therapy for the teachers, developing and implementing individual goals and service plans for the students, as well as providing student feedback to the teachers (2004)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \par \pard \keepn {\b Supervision of Clinical Practice}\par \pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\fi-720\li720 Observed and supervised art therapy practicum students (2016)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\fi-720\li720 Observed and supervised art therapy practicum students (2015)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\fi-720\li720 Observed and supervised art therapy practicum students (2014)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \par \pard \keepn {\b Doctoral Committee Chair}\par \pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\fi-720\li720 Agama, M., doctoral candidate. \par \pard \pard \keepn\fi-720\li720 MacLeod, A., doctoral student. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \par \pard \keepn {\b Doctoral Committee Member}\par \pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\fi-720\li720 Thongnopnua, S., graduate. (2016). \par \pard \pard \keepn\fi-720\li720 Cox, H., doctoral student. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \par \pard \keepn {\b Master's Committee Chair}\par \pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\fi-720\li720 Hayes, E., graduate. (2015). \par \pard \pard \keepn\fi-720\li720 Weedo, N., student. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \par \pard \keepn {\b Master's Committee Member}\par \pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\fi-720\li720 Harris, C., graduate. (2015). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Haynes, N., graduate. (2015). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Huntley, E., graduate. (2015). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Chartier, G., student. \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Ngauja, S., student. \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Ruby, D., student. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \par \pard \keepn {\b Bachelor's Committee Member}\par \pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\fi-720\li720 Sisko, C., student. \par \pard \pard \keepn\fi-720\li720 Anduiza, C., student. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \par \pard \keepn {\b Guest Lecturer}\par \pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Van Lith, T. (2016). {\i Ethics and Professional Issues (ARE 5640)}. Florida State University. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Van Lith, T. (2016). {\i Art Education Theory and Practice I (ARE 5046)}. Florida State University. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Van Lith, T. (2015). {\i Art Therapy & Group Counseling (ARE 5551)}. Florida State University. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Van Lith, T. (2015). {\i Ethics and Professional Issues (ARE 5640)}. Florida State University. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Van Lith, T. (2015). {\i Introduction to the Profession of Art Therapy}. Department of Art, Florida State University. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Van Lith, T. (2015). {\i Practicum III (ARE 5943)}. Florida State University. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Van Lith, T. (2014). {\i Art Therapy & Group Counseling (ARE 5551)}. Florida State University. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Van Lith, T. (2014). {\i Ethics and Professional Issues (ARE 5640)}. Florida State University. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Van Lith, T. (2014). {\i Practicum III (ARE 5943)}. Florida State University. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \par \pard \keepn {\b Master's Comprehensive Exam}\par \pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Van Lith, T. (2014\u8211?2016). {\i Examiner of master's comprehensive exam for art therapy program}. Department of Art Education. Florida State University. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn \par {\pard \qc\keepn {\b Research and Original Creative Work}\par }\pard \keepn \par {\pard \qc\keepn {\b Publications}\par }\pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn {\b Refereed Journal Articles}\par \pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Van Lith, T., Bullock, L., Rahimian, E., & Moghaddam, K. (in press). A landscape of art-based therapeutic practices in Iran. {\i Journal of Applied Arts & Health}, 19 pages.\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Van Lith, T. (in press). Perceptions of art therapy in modern media. {\i ATOL: Art Therapy OnLine}, 16 pages.\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Van Lith, T., & Voronin, L. (2016). Practicum learnings for counseling and art therapy students: The Shared and the particular. {\i International Journal for the Advancement of Counselling}, 17. doi:{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "http://dx.doi.org/10.1007/s10447-016-9263-x"}{\fldrslt 10.1007/s10447-016-9263-x}}\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Van Lith, T., & Voronin, L. (2016). Developing a critically reflexive practice for art therapists using external perceptions of art therapy. {\i Reflective Practice: International and Multidisciplinary Perspectives}, 1-14. doi:{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "http://dx.doi.org/10.1080/14623943.2016.1146580"}{\fldrslt 10.1080/14623943.2016.1146580}}\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Van Lith, T. (2016). Art therapy in mental health: A systematic review of approaches and practices. {\i The Journal of Arts in Psychotherapy}, {\i 47}, 9-22. doi:{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "http://dx.doi.org/doi:10.1016/j.aip.2015.09.003"}{\fldrslt doi:10.1016/j.aip.2015.09.003}}\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Van Lith, T. (2015). Art making as a mental health recovery tool for change and coping. {\i Art Therapy: Journal of the American Art Therapy Association}, {\i 32(1)}, 5-12. doi:{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "http://dx.doi.org/10.1080/07421656.2015.992826"}{\fldrslt 10.1080/07421656.2015.992826}}\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Van Lith, T. (2015). Reflections from the classroom: Research in art therapy - A photo essay. {\i The Australian and New Zealand Journal of Art Therapy}, {\i 10(1)}, 29-32.\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Van Lith, T. (2014). A meeting with 'I-Thou': Exploring the intersection between mental health recovery and art making through a co-operative inquiry. {\i Action Research Journal}, {\i 12(3)}, 254-272. doi:{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "http://dx.doi.org/10.1177/1476750314529599"}{\fldrslt 10.1177/1476750314529599}}\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Horsford, R., Van Lith, T., Rumbold, J., Varney, H., Morris, D., & Dungan, L. (2014). Creating community: An arts-based inquiry. {\i Journal of Applied Arts & Health}, {\i 5(1)}, 65-81. doi:{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "http://dx.doi.org/10.1386/jaah.5.1.65_1"}{\fldrslt 10.1386/jaah.5.1.65_1}}\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Varney, H., Van Lith, T., Rumbold, J., Morris, D., Fegan, S., Rankin, B., Horsford, R., & Brophy-Dixon, J. (2014). Losing, and finding, spaces to learn in the university. {\i Emotion, Space and Society}, {\i 11}, 36-42.\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Van Lith, T. (2014). "Painting to find my spirit": Art making as the vehicle to find meaning and connection in the mental health recovery process. {\i Journal of Spirituality in Mental Health}, {\i 16(1)}, 19-36.\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Van Lith, T., Schofield, M., & Fenner, P. (2013). Identifying the evidence-base for art-based practices and their potential benefit for mental health recovery: A critical review. {\i Disability and Rehabilitation}, {\i 35(6)}, 1309-1323. doi:{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "http://dx.doi.org/10.3109/09638288.2012.732188"}{\fldrslt 10.3109/09638288.2012.732188}}\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Van Lith, T., & Fenner, P. (2011). The practice continuum: Conceptualising a person-centred approach to art therapy. {\i The Australian and New Zealand Journal of Art Therapy}, {\i 6(1)}, 17-22.\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Van Lith, T., Fenner, P., & Schofield, M. (2011). The lived experience of art making as a companion to the mental health recovery process. {\i Disability and Rehabilitation}, {\i 3(8)}, 652-660. doi:{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "http://dx.doi.org/10.3109/09638288.2010.505998"}{\fldrslt 10.3109/09638288.2010.505998}}\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Van Lith, T., Fenner, P., & Margot, S. (2009). Toward an understanding of how art making can facilitate mental health recovery. {\i Australian e-Journal for the Advancement of Mental Health (AeJAMH)}, {\i 8(2)}, 183-193.\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Van Lith, T. (2008). A phenomenological investigation using art therapy processes in assisting transition to a psychosocial residential setting. {\i Art Therapy: Journal of the American Art Therapy Association}, {\i 25(1)}, 24-31. doi:{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "http://dx.doi.org/10.1080/07421656.2008.10129357"}{\fldrslt 10.1080/07421656.2008.10129357}}\par \pard \pard \par \pard \par \pard \keepn {\b Invited Book Chapters}\par \pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Van Lith, T. (in press). Exploring the role of art making in mental health recovery using mixed methods research. In Bronia Flett, & Michael Gill (Eds.), {\i SAGE Research Methods Cases - Health}. Sage. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \par \pard \keepn {\b Invited Encyclopedia Entries}\par \pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Van Lith, T., Fenner, P., & Schofield, M. (2009). Art therapy in rehabilitation. In J. H. Stone, & M. Blouin (Eds.), {\i International Encyclopaedia of Rehabilitation}. CIRRIE at the University at Buffalo, SUNY. Retrieved from {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "http://cirrie.buffalo.edu/encyclopedia/en/article/131/"}{\fldrslt http://cirrie.buffalo.edu/encyclopedia/en/article/131/}}\par \pard \pard \par \pard \par \pard \keepn {\b Invited Reviews}\par \pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Van Lith, T. (2015). Ethics in Art Therapy: Challenging topics for a complex modality. {\i Journal of applied arts and health}, {\i 6(1)}, 104-105. Retrieved from doi: 10.1386/jaah.6.1.101_5\par \pard \pard \par \pard \par \pard \keepn {\b Nonrefereed Summaries}\par \pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Van Lith, T. (2015). Summary of {\i Report for State Board of Professional Counselors and Therapists - Licensure of Clinical Professional Art Therapists}. Department of Art Education, Florida State University. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \par \pard \keepn {\b Nonrefereed Reports}\par \pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Van Lith, T., Fenner, P., Schofield, M., Pawson, Q., & Morgan, M. (2009). {\i The role of art making in mental health recovery}. Melbourne: La Trobe University. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Van Lith, T., Fenner, P., Schofield, M., Pawson, Q., & Morgan, M. (2008). {\i Creativity, the arts and art therapy in mental health recovery: Developing a research agenda}. Melbourne: La Trobe University. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn \par {\pard \qc\keepn {\b Presentations}\par }\pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn {\b Refereed Papers at Conferences}\par \pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Van Lith, T. (presented 2015, July). {\i Understanding the significance of art therapy for clients with mental health issues}. Paper presented at The Annual American Art Therapy Association Conference, The American Art Therapy Association 46th Annual Conference, Minneapolis, Minnesota. (National)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Van Lith, T. (presented 2015, July). {\i What do they think of art therapy? Exploring the perspectives of mental health professionals}. Paper presented at The American Art Therapy Association 46th Annual Conference, The American Art Therapy Association, Minneapolis, Minnesota. (National)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Van Lith, T. (presented 2014, July). {\i Adding a healthy dose of skepticism to art therapy research in mental health settings}. Paper presented at The American Art Therapy Association 45th Annual Conference, American Art Therapy Association, San Antonio, Texas. (National)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Van Lith, T. (presented 2012, July). {\i Understanding the potential functions and uses of art making as a companion for the mental health recovery journey}. Paper presented at The American Art Therapy Association 43rd Annual Conference, American Art Therapy Association, Savannah, Georgia, United States of America. (National)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Van Lith, T. (presented 2012, May). {\i Recovery Through Art: Exploring the various roles of art making throughout the mental health recovery journey}. Paper presented at Annual VICSERV Mental Health Conference, Psychiatric Disability Services of Victoria, Melbourne, Australia. (Regional)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Van Lith, T., Fenner, P., & Schofield, M. (presented 2010, November). {\i Art making and mental health recovery: Staff and consumer experiences}. Paper presented at 2nd Annual International Arts and Health Conference, Arts and Health Australia, Melbourne, Australia. (International)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Fenner, P., Van Lith, T., & Schofield, M. (presented 2009, October). {\i Art facilitators' perspectives on the role of art making in mental health recovery}. Paper presented at 2nd Arts/Health Conference, Arts/Health org, Newcastle, New South Wales, Australia. (International)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Van Lith, T., Fenner, P., & Schofield, M. (presented 2009, October). {\i Exploring the role of art making in mental health recovery}. Paper presented at The Australian and New Zealand Art Therapy Association Annual Conference, The Australian and New Zealand Art Therapy Association, Deakin University, Geelong, Victoria, Australia. (National)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Van Lith, T., Fenner, P., & Schofield, M. (presented 2007, October). {\i Understanding consumers' experiences of art making and its role in their mental health recovery}. Paper presented at 2nd Arts/Health Conference, Arts/Health org, Newcastle, New South Wales, Australia. (International)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Van Lith, T. (presented 2007, August). {\i Art therapy assisting through the transition process - A secure long-term inpatient setting to a community setting}. Paper presented at National Australian and New Zealand Art Therapy Association Annual Conference, Australian and New Zealand Art Therapy Association, Melbourne, Australia. (National)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Van Lith, T., & Lawrence, C. (presented 2007, August). {\i Art Escape: Providing a haven for self-expression, empowerment and creativity for people with severe mental health issues}. Paper presented at The Mental Health Services Conference, The Mental Health Services Inc, Melbourne, Australia. (National)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \par \pard \keepn {\b Refereed Papers at Symposia}\par \pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Van Lith, T. (presented 2015, November). Perceptions of art therapy from mental health professionals: Creating a critically reflexive practice for art therapists. In {\i Mayo Clinic Humanities in Medicine Symposium}. Symposium conducted at the meeting of Mayo Clinic, Jacksonville, Florida. (National)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Van Lith, T. (presented 2013). Art making as a bridge for transformation in the mental health recovery process. In {\i Art and Design for Social Justice Symposium}. Symposium conducted at the meeting of Florida State University. (Local)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \par \pard \keepn {\b Refereed Presentations at Symposia}\par \pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Van Lith, T. (presented 2015, November). A qualitative inquiry into the spiritual role of art making in mental health recovery. In {\i Mayo Clinic Humanities in Medicine Symposium}. Poster presentation at the meeting of Mayo Clinic, Jacksonville, Florida. (National)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \par \pard \keepn {\b Refereed Workshops}\par \pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Van Lith, T., & Voronin, L. (accepted). {\i Advancing How Art Therapy Can Be a Solution For Social Justice issues: Exploring perceptions of professionals in the community}. Workshop to be delivered at Art & Design For Social Justice Symposium, Florida State University, Florida. (National)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Van Lith, T., Rankin, B., Rumbold, J., & Van Lith, T. (2010, November). {\i Enjoying creative health in tertiary academic environments}. Workshop delivered at 2nd Annual International Arts and Health Conference, Melbourne, Australia. (International)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \par \pard \keepn {\b Invited Lectures and Readings of Original Work}\par \pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Van Lith, T. (2015, April). {\i Recovery Through Art: A mixed methods study exploring the role of art making within the mental health recovery journey}. Delivered at Department of Art Education, Florida State University. (Local)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Van Lith, T. (2014, August). {\i What can you learn from taking a skeptical attitude towards your study?} Delivered at University of South Australia, Adelaide, South Australia. (International)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Van Lith, T. (2013, November). {\i Art-based research in art therapy}. Delivered at Department of Art Education, Florida State University. (Local)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Van Lith, T. (2013, November). {\i Using art therapy techniques to help create new occupational pathways}. Delivered at College of Education, Florida State University. (Local)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn \par {\pard \qc\keepn {\b Exhibitions}\par }\pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn {\b Juried Exhibitions}\par \pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Van Lith, T. (2015, October\u8211?November). {\i Social selfies: Constructing communities}. William Johnston Building Gallery, Tallahassee, FL: Florida State University. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn \par {\pard \qc\keepn {\b Contracts and Grants}\par }\pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn {\b Contracts and Grants Funded}\par \pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Van Lith, T. (May 2015\u8211?Aug 2015). {\i Understanding the significance of art therapy for clients with mental health issues}. Funded by Florida State University CRC COFRS grant. Total award $14,000. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Van Lith, T. (May 2014\u8211?Aug 2014). {\i What do they think of us? Mental health practitioners' perspectives of art therapy}. Funded by Florida State University. Total award $20,000. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Van Lith, T. (Apr 2008\u8211?Apr 2009). {\i Creativity, the arts and art therapy in mental health recovery: Developing a research agenda}. Funded by Mind Australia. Total award $10,500. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Van Lith, T. (Apr 2008\u8211?Apr 2009). {\i Creativity, the arts and art therapy in mental health recovery: Developing a research agenda}. Funded by Prahran Mission. Total award $10,500. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Van Lith, T. (2007\u8211?2008). {\i Community Development Fund Grant}. Funded by Knox City Council, Melbourne, Australia. Total award $6,000. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn \par {\pard \qc\keepn {\b Service}\par }\pard \keepn \par {\pard \qc\keepn {\b Florida State University}\par }\pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn {\b FSU College Service}\par \pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Planning Committee Member, Art and Design for Social Justice Symposium (2016\u8211?present).\par \pard \pard \par \pard \par \pard \keepn {\b FSU Department Service}\par \pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Commitee Member, Program Director Search Committee (2015\u8211?present).\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Department Representative, Creating Change: Arts in Rural Health Roundtable (2015\u8211?present).\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Member, Travel Budget Committee (2013\u8211?present).\par \pard \pard \par \pard \par \pard \keepn {\b FSU Program Service}\par \pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Clinical Co-ordinator, Art Therapy (2014\u8211?present).\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn \par {\pard \qc\keepn {\b The Profession}\par }\pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn {\b Editorial Board Membership(s)}\par \pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 {\i Journal of the American Art Therapy Association} (2016\u8211?present).\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 {\i Journal of Art for Life} (2014\u8211?present).\par \pard \pard \par \pard \par \pard \keepn {\b Guest Reviewer for Refereed Journals}\par \pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 {\i Health and Quality of Life Outcomes} (Feb 2016\u8211?present).\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 {\i Art/Research International: A Transdisciplinary Journal} (Jul 2015\u8211?present).\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 {\i Qualitative Research} (Mar 2015\u8211?present).\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 {\i The International Journal of Mental Health Systems} (Nov 2014\u8211?present).\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 {\i European Journal of Cancer Care} (Jul 2014\u8211?present).\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 {\i Perspectives in Public Health} (2013\u8211?present).\par \pard \pard \par \pard \par \pard \keepn {\b Reviewer for Textbooks}\par \pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 {\i Research Methods for Education} (2015).\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 {\i Explorations in Diversity: Examining Privilege and Oppression in a Multicultural Society} (2015).\par \pard \pard \par \pard \par \pard \keepn {\b Service to Professional Associations}\par \pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Board member, The American Art Therapy Association Research Committee (2016\u8211?present).\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Board member, The American Art Therapy Association Multicultural Committee (2014\u8211?present).\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn \par {\pard \qc\keepn {\b Service to Other Universities}\par }\pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Doctorate examiner, {\i University of South Australia, School of Art, Architecture & Design} (2014\u8211?present). \par \pard \pard \par }  eu\do7f-1
5b