{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f247\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\f248\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f250\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f251\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f252\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\f253\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f254\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f255\froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;
\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden 
Default Paragraph Font;}{\*\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\cgrid\langnp1024\langfenp1024 \snext11 \ssemihidden Normal Table;}{
\s15\ql \li0\ri0\sb100\sa100\sbauto1\saauto1\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext15 Normal (Web);}{\*\cs16 \additive \ul\cf2 \sbasedon10 Hyperlink;}}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1452448132\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext\leveltemplateid-260823482\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720
\jclisttab\tx720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext\leveltemplateid-868825104\'02\'01.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li1440\jclisttab\tx1440\lin1440 }{\listlevel
\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext\leveltemplateid-727138344\'02\'02.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li2160\jclisttab\tx2160\lin2160 }{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0
\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1692048656\'02\'03.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li2880\jclisttab\tx2880\lin2880 }{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace0
\levelindent0{\leveltext\leveltemplateid-169076030\'02\'04.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li3600\jclisttab\tx3600\lin3600 }{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext
\leveltemplateid-515069060\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li4320\jclisttab\tx4320\lin4320 }{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1143097980
\'02\'06.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li5040\jclisttab\tx5040\lin5040 }{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext\leveltemplateid-130917394\'02\'07.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}
\fi-360\li5760\jclisttab\tx5760\lin5760 }{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1294489644\'02\'08.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li6480\jclisttab\tx6480\lin6480 }
{\listname ;}\listid2132435695}}{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid2132435695\listoverridecount0\ls1}}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid16653040}{\*\generator Microsoft Word 10.0.4524;}{\info{\title United States Department of Interior}{\author steve anderson}
{\operator FSDefaultUser}{\creatim\yr2008\mo2\dy28\hr10\min31}{\revtim\yr2008\mo2\dy28\hr10\min31}{\version2}{\edmins0}{\nofpages4}{\nofwords1770}{\nofchars10090}{\*\company USDA Forest Service}{\nofcharsws11837}{\vern16475}}\margl1440\margr1440 
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\formshade\horzdoc\dgmargin\dghspace55\dgvspace180\dghorigin1440\dgvorigin1440\dghshow2\dgvshow2
\jexpand\viewkind1\viewscale106\viewzk2\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\splytwnine\ftnlytwnine\htmautsp\nolnhtadjtbl\useltbaln\alntblind\lytcalctblwd\lyttblrtgr\lnbrkrule\rsidroot16653040 \fet0{\*\template 
C:\\WINDOWS\\Profiles\\sanderso\\Application Data\\Microsoft\\Templates\\Normal.dot}\sectd \linex0\endnhere\sectlinegrid360\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang
{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain 
\s15\qc \li0\ri0\sb100\sa100\sbauto1\saauto1\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid16653040 United States Department of Interior\line Fish and Wildlife Service\line 
Washington, DC 20240
\par }\pard \s15\ql \li0\ri0\sb100\sa100\sbauto1\saauto1\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\insrsid16653040 September 14, 2000
\par }{\b\insrsid16653040 To:}{\insrsid16653040  Regional Directors \line }{\b\insrsid16653040 From:}{\insrsid16653040  Director /s/ Jamie Rappaport Clark\line }{\b\insrsid16653040 Subject:}{\insrsid16653040 
 Service Guidance on the Siting, Construction, Operation and Decommissioning of Communications Towers
\par Construction of communications towers (including radio, television, cellular, and microwave) in the United States has been growing at an exponential rate, increasing at an estimated 6 percent to 8 percent annually. According to the Fe
deral Communication Commission\rquote s }{\i\insrsid16653040 2000 Antenna Structure Registry}{\insrsid16653040 
, the number of lighted towers greater than 199 feet above ground level (AGL) currently number over 45,000 and the total number of towers over 74,000. Non-compliance with the registry program 
is estimated at 24 percent to 38 percent, bringing the total to 92,000 to 102,000. By 2003, all television stations must be digital, adding potentially 1,000 new towers exceeding 1,000 feet AGL.
\par The construction of new towers creates a potentially signific
ant impact on migratory birds, especially some 350 species of night-migrating birds. Communications towers are estimated to kill 4-5 million birds per year, which violates the spirit and the intent of the Migratory Bird Treaty Act and the Code of Federal 
Regulations at Part 50 designed to implement the MBTA. Some of the species affected are also protected under the Endangered Species Act and Bald and Golden Eagle Act.
\par Service personnel may become involved in the review of proposed tower sitings and/or in th
e evaluation of tower impacts on migratory birds through National Environmental Policy Act review; specifically, Sections 1501.6, opportunity to be a cooperating agency, and 1503.4, duty to comment on federally-licensed activities for agencies with jurisd
i
ction by law, in this case the MBTA, or because of special expertise. Also, the National Wildlife Refuge System Improvement Act requires that any activity on Refuge lands be determined as compatible with the Refuge system mission and the Refuge purpose(s)
. In addition, the Service is required by the ESA to assist other Federal agencies in ensuring that any action they authorize, implement, or fund will not jeopardize the continued existence of any Federally endangered or threatened species. 
\par A Communication Tower Working Group composed of government agencies, industry, academic researchers and NGO\rquote 
s has been formed to develop and implement a research protocol to determine the best ways to construct and operate towers to prevent bird strikes. Until the resear
ch study is completed, or until research efforts uncover significant new mitigation measures, all Service personnel involved in the review of proposed tower sitings and/or the evaluation of the impacts of towers on migratory birds should use the attached 
i
nterim guidelines when making recommendations to all companies, license applicants, or licensees proposing new tower sitings. These guidelines were developed by Service personnel from research conducted in several eastern, midwestern, and southern states,
 
and have been refined through Regional review. They are based on the best information available at this time, and are the most prudent and effective measures for avoiding bird strikes at towers. We believe that they will provide significant protection for
 migratory birds pending completion of the Working Group\rquote s recommendations. As new information becomes available, the guidelines will be updated accordingly.
\par Implementation of these guidelines by the communications industry is voluntary, and our recommendat
ions must be balanced with Federal Aviation Administration requirements and local community concerns where necessary. Field offices have discretion in the use of these guidelines on a case by case basis, and may also have additional recommendations to add
 which are specific to their geographic area.
\par Also attached is a }{\field\fldedit{\*\fldinst {\insrsid16653040  HYPERLINK "http://migratorybirds.fws.gov/issues/towers/siteform.frm" \\t "" }}{\fldrslt {\cs16\ul\cf2\insrsid16653040 Tower Site Evaluation Form}}}{\insrsid16653040 
 which may prove useful in evaluating proposed towers and in streamlining the evaluatio
n process. Copies may be provided to consultants or tower companies who regularly submit requests for consultation, as well as to those who submit individual requests that do not contain sufficient information to allow adequate evaluation. This form is fo
r discretionary use, and may be modified as necessary.
\par The Migratory Bird Treaty Act (16 U.S.C. 703-712) prohibits the taking, killing, possession, transportation, and importation of migratory birds, their eggs, parts, and nests, except when specifically au
thorized by the Department of the Interior. While the Act has no provision for allowing unauthorized take, it must be recognized that some birds may be killed at structures such as communications towers even if all reasonable measures to avoid it are impl
emented. The Service\rquote 
s Division of Law Enforcement carries out its mission to protect migratory birds not only through investigations and enforcement, but also through fostering relationships with individuals and industries that proactively seek to eliminat
e their impacts on migratory birds. While it is not possible under the Act to absolve individuals or companies from liability if they follow these recommended guidelines, the Division of Law Enforcement and Department of Justice have used enforcement and 
prosecutorial discretion in the past regarding individuals or companies who have made good faith efforts to avoid the take of migratory birds.
\par Please ensure that all field personnel involved in review of FCC licensed communications tower proposals receive c
opies of this memorandum. Questions regarding this issue should be directed to Dr. Benjamin Tuggle, Chief, Division of Habitat Conservation, at (703)358-2161, or Jon Andrew, Chief, Division of Migratory Bird Management, at (703)358-1714. These guidelines 
will be incorporated in a Director\rquote s Order and placed in the Fish and Wildlife Service Manual at a future date.
\par 
\par }\pard \s15\qc \li0\ri0\sb100\sa100\sbauto1\saauto1\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\insrsid16653040 Service Interim Guidelines For Recommendations On }{\insrsid16653040 
\par }\pard \s15\qc \li0\ri0\sb100\sa100\sbauto1\saauto1\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\insrsid16653040 Communications Tower Siting, Construction, Operation, and Decommissioning}{\insrsid16653040 
\par {\listtext\pard\plain\hich\af0\dbch\af0\loch\f0 1.\tab}}\pard\plain \ql \fi-360\li720\ri0\sb100\sa240\sbauto1\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\ls1\adjustright\rin0\lin720\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {
\insrsid16653040 Any company/applicant/licensee proposing to construct a new communications tower should be strongly encouraged to collocate the communications equipment on an existing communication tower or other structure (}{\i\insrsid16653040 e.g., }{
\insrsid16653040 billboard, water tower, or building mount). Depending on tower load factors, from 6 to 10 providers may collocate on an existing tower. 
\par {\listtext\pard\plain\hich\af0\dbch\af0\loch\f0 2.\tab}If collocation is not feasible and a new tower or towers are to be constructed, communications service providers should be strongly encouraged to construct towers no more than 199 
feet above ground level (AGL), using construction techniques which do not require guy wires (}{\i\insrsid16653040 e.g., }{\insrsid16653040 
use a lattice structure, monopole, etc.). Such towers should be unlighted if Federal Aviation Administration regulations permit. 
\par {\listtext\pard\plain\hich\af0\dbch\af0\loch\f0 3.\tab}If constructing multiple to
wers, providers should consider the cumulative impacts of all of those towers to migratory birds and threatened and endangered species as well as the impacts of each individual tower. 
\par {\listtext\pard\plain\hich\af0\dbch\af0\loch\f0 4.\tab}If at all possible, new towers should be sited within existing \'93antenna farms\'94 (clusters of towers). Towers should not be sited in or near wetlands, other known bird concentration areas (}{
\i\insrsid16653040 e.g., }{\insrsid16653040 state or Federal refuges, staging areas, rookeries), in known migratory or daily movement flyways, or in habitat of threatened or enda
ngered species. Towers should not be sited in areas with a high incidence of fog, mist, and low ceilings. 
\par {\listtext\pard\plain\hich\af0\dbch\af0\loch\f0 5.\tab}If taller (>199 feet AGL) towers requiring lights for aviation safety must be constructed, the minimum amount of pilot warning and obstruction avoida
nce lighting required by the FAA should be used. Unless otherwise required by the FAA, only white (preferable) or red strobe lights should be used at night, and these should be the minimum number, minimum intensity, and minimum number of flashes per minut
e
 (longest duration between flashes) allowable by the FAA. The use of solid red or pulsating red warning lights at night should be avoided. Current research indicates that solid or pulsating (beacon) red lights attract night-migrating birds at a much highe
r rate than white strobe lights. Red strobe lights have not yet been studied. 
\par {\listtext\pard\plain\hich\af0\dbch\af0\loch\f0 6.\tab}Tower designs using guy wires for support which are proposed to be located in known raptor or waterbird concentration areas or daily movement routes, or in major diurnal migrator
y bird movement routes or stopover sites, should have daytime visual markers on the wires to prevent collisions by these diurnally moving species. (For guidance on markers, see }{\i\insrsid16653040 
Avian Power Line Interaction Committee (APLIC). 1994. Mitigating Bird Collisions with Power Lines: The State of the Art in 1994. Edison Electric Institute, Washington, D.C.,}{\insrsid16653040  }{\i\insrsid16653040 78 pp}{\insrsid16653040 , and }{
\i\insrsid16653040 Avian Power Line Interaction Committee (APLIC). 1996. Suggested Practices for Raptor Protection on Power Lines. Edison Electric Institute/Raptor Research Foundation, Washington, D.C., 128 pp.}{\insrsid16653040 
 Copies can be obtained via the Internet at http://www.eei.org/resources/pubcat/enviro/, or by calling 1-800/334-5453). 
\par {\listtext\pard\plain\hich\af0\dbch\af0\loch\f0 7.\tab}Towers and appendant facilities should be sited, designed and constructed so as to avoid or minimize habitat loss within and adjacent to the tower \'93footprint\'94
. However, a larger tower footprint is preferable to the use of guy wires in construction. Road access and fencing should be minimized}{\b\insrsid16653040  }{\insrsid16653040 to reduce or prevent habitat fragmentation and disturbanc
e, and to reduce above ground obstacles to birds in flight. 
\par {\listtext\pard\plain\hich\af0\dbch\af0\loch\f0 8.\tab}If significant numbers of breeding, feeding, or roosting birds are known to habitually use the proposed tower construction area, relocation to an alternate site should be recommended. If this is 
not an option, seasonal restrictions on construction may be advisable in order to avoid disturbance during periods of high bird activity. 
\par {\listtext\pard\plain\hich\af0\dbch\af0\loch\f0 9.\tab}In order to reduce the number of towers needed in the future, providers should be encouraged to design new towers structurally and electrically to accommodate the applicant/licensee\rquote 
s antennas and comparable antennas for at least two additional users (minimum of three users for each tower structure), unless this design would require the addition of lights or guy wires to an otherwise unlighted and/or unguyed tower. 
\par {\listtext\pard\plain\hich\af0\dbch\af0\loch\f0 10.\tab}Security lighting for on-ground facilities and equipment should be down-shielded to keep light within the boundaries of the site. 
\par {\listtext\pard\plain\hich\af0\dbch\af0\loch\f0 11.\tab}If a tower is constructed or proposed for construction, Service personnel or r
esearchers from the Communication Tower Working Group should be allowed access to the site to evaluate bird use, conduct dead-bird searches, to place net catchments below the towers but above the ground, and to place radar, Global Positioning System, infr
ared, thermal imagery, and acoustical monitoring equipment as necessary to assess and verify bird movements and to gain information on the impacts of various tower sizes, configurations, and lighting systems. 
\par {\listtext\pard\plain\hich\af0\dbch\af0\loch\f0 12.\tab}}\pard \ql \fi-360\li720\ri0\sb100\sa100\sbauto1\saauto1\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\ls1\adjustright\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\insrsid16653040 
Towers no longer in use or determined to be obsolete should be removed within 12 months of cessation of use. 
\par }\pard\plain \s15\ql \li0\ri0\sb100\sa100\sbauto1\saauto1\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid16653040 
In order to obtain information on the extent to which these guidelines are being implemented, and to identify any recurring problems with their implementation which may necessitate modification
s, letters provided in response to requests for evaluation of proposed towers should contain the following request:
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li720\ri720\sb100\sa100\sbauto1\saauto1\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin720\lin720\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid16653040 \'93
In order to obtain information on the usefulness of these guidelines in preventing bird strikes, and to identify any recurring problems wit
h their implementation which may necessitate modifications, please advise us of the final location and specifications of the proposed tower, and which of the measures recommended for the protection of migratory birds were implemented. If any of the recomm
ended measures can not be implemented, please explain why they were not feasible.\'94
\par }\pard\plain \s15\qc \li0\ri0\sb100\sa100\sbauto1\saauto1\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid16653040 
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid16653040 
\par }}   03}7c
Ž0