{\rtf1\ansi \deff3\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1 Courier{\*\falt Courier New};}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}
{\stylesheet{\nowidctlpar \f3 \snext0 Normal;}{\s1\nowidctlpar{\*\pn \pnlvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1 {\pntxta .}}\f3 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 1;}{\s2\nowidctlpar{\*\pn \pnlvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1 {\pntxta .}}\f3 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 2;}{
\s3\nowidctlpar{\*\pn \pnlvl3\pndec\pnstart1 {\pntxta .}}\f3 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 3;}{\s4\nowidctlpar{\*\pn \pnlvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1 {\pntxta .}}\f3 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 4;}{\s5\nowidctlpar{\*\pn \pnlvl5\pndec\pnstart1 {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}
\f3 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 5;}{\s6\nowidctlpar{\*\pn \pnlvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1 {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\f3 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 6;}{\s7\nowidctlpar{\*\pn \pnlvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1 {\pntxta )}}\f3 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 7;}{
\s8\nowidctlpar{\*\pn \pnlvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1 {\pntxta )}}\f3 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 8;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}{\s15\nowidctlpar \f3 \sbasedon0\snext15 endnote text;}{\*\cs16 \additive\super \sbasedon10 endnote reference;}{
\s17\nowidctlpar \f3 \sbasedon0\snext17 footnote text;}{\*\cs18 \additive\super \sbasedon10 footnote reference;}{\*\cs19 \additive\sbasedon10 Document 8;}{\*\cs20 \additive\b\i\fs24 \sbasedon10 Document 4;}{\*\cs21 \additive\sbasedon10 Document 6;}{\*
\cs22 \additive\sbasedon10 Document 5;}{\*\cs23 \additive\f3\fs24\lang1033 \sbasedon10 Document 2;}{\*\cs24 \additive\sbasedon10 Document 7;}{\*\cs25 \additive\sbasedon10 Bibliogrphy;}{\*\cs26 \additive\sbasedon10 Right Par 1;}{\*\cs27 \additive
\sbasedon10 Right Par 2;}{\*\cs28 \additive\f3\fs24\lang1033 \sbasedon10 Document 3;}{\*\cs29 \additive\sbasedon10 Right Par 3;}{\*\cs30 \additive\sbasedon10 Right Par 4;}{\*\cs31 \additive\sbasedon10 Right Par 5;}{\*\cs32 \additive\sbasedon10 
Right Par 6;}{\*\cs33 \additive\sbasedon10 Right Par 7;}{\*\cs34 \additive\sbasedon10 Right Par 8;}{\s35\keep\keepn\nowidctlpar\tx-720\hyphpar0 \f3 \snext35 Document 1;}{\*\cs36 \additive\sbasedon10 Doc Init;}{\*\cs37 \additive\f3\fs24\lang1033 
\sbasedon10 Tech Init;}{\*\cs38 \additive\sbasedon10 Technical 5;}{\*\cs39 \additive\sbasedon10 Technical 6;}{\*\cs40 \additive\f3\fs24\lang1033 \sbasedon10 Technical 2;}{\*\cs41 \additive\f3\fs24\lang1033 \sbasedon10 Technical 3;}{\*\cs42 \additive
\sbasedon10 Technical 4;}{\*\cs43 \additive\f3\fs24\lang1033 \sbasedon10 Technical 1;}{\*\cs44 \additive\sbasedon10 Technical 7;}{\*\cs45 \additive\sbasedon10 Technical 8;}{\s46\sl480\slmult1\nowidctlpar\tx-1440\tx-720\hyphpar0 \f3\fs22\cf1 \snext46 
MACNormal;}{\s47\fi-720\li720\ri720\sb480\nowidctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx9360\hyphpar0 \f3 \sbasedon0\snext0 toc 1;}{\s48\fi-720\li1440\ri720\nowidctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx9360\hyphpar0 \f3 \sbasedon0\snext0 toc 2;}{
\s49\fi-720\li2160\ri720\nowidctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx9360\hyphpar0 \f3 \sbasedon0\snext0 toc 3;}{\s50\fi-720\li2880\ri720\nowidctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx9360\hyphpar0 \f3 \sbasedon0\snext0 toc 4;}{\s51\fi-720\li3600\ri720\nowidctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx9360\hyphpar0 \f3 
\sbasedon0\snext0 toc 5;}{\s52\fi-720\li720\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx9360\hyphpar0 \f3 \sbasedon0\snext0 toc 6;}{\s53\fi-720\li720\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0 \f3 \sbasedon0\snext0 toc 7;}{\s54\fi-720\li720\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx9360\hyphpar0 \f3 \sbasedon0\snext0 toc 8;}{
\s55\fi-720\li720\nowidctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx9360\hyphpar0 \f3 \sbasedon0\snext0 toc 9;}{\s56\fi-1440\li1440\ri720\nowidctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx9360\hyphpar0 \f3 \sbasedon0\snext0 index 1;}{\s57\fi-720\li1440\ri720\nowidctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx9360\hyphpar0 \f3 
\sbasedon0\snext0 index 2;}{\s58\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx9360\hyphpar0 \f3 \sbasedon0\snext0 toa heading;}{\s59\nowidctlpar \f3 \sbasedon0\snext0 caption;}{\*\cs60 \additive _Equation Caption;}}{\info{\author MIS Department}{\operator MIS Department}
{\creatim\yr1997\mo8\dy15\hr14\min47}{\revtim\yr1997\mo8\dy15\hr14\min50}{\version2}{\edmins0}{\nofpages17}{\nofwords3833}{\nofchars21851}{\*\company Touro College}{\vern57443}}\margl1728\margr864 
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\hyphhotz979\aftnnar\notabind\wraptrsp\nocolbal\sprslnsp\hyphcaps0 \fet0{\*\ftnsep \pard\plain \nowidctlpar \f3 \chftnsep 
\par }{\*\aftnsep \pard\plain \sl-20\slmult0\nowidctlpar \f3 
\par }{\*\aftnsepc \pard\plain \nowidctlpar \f3  
\par }{\*\aftncn \pard\plain \nowidctlpar \f3  
\par }\sectd \pgnrestart\linemod1\linex132\headery1440\footery1440 {\footer \pard\plain \sb140\sl-100\slmult0\nowidctlpar \f3 {\fs10 
\par }\pard \nowidctlpar\hyphpar0 
\par \pard \nowidctlpar {\lang1024 {\*\do\dobxpage\dobypara\dodhgt12289\dptxbx\dptxbxmar0{\dptxbxtext \pard\plain \nowidctlpar\tqc\tx4824\tqr\tx9648 \f3 \tab {\field{\*\fldinst page \\* arabic}{\fldrslt {\lang1024 17}}}
\par }\dpx1728\dpy240\dpxsize9648\dpysize240\dplinehollow\dplinecor0\dplinecog0\dplinecob0\dplinew0\dpfillfgcr0\dpfillfgcg0\dpfillfgcb0\dpfillbgcr0\dpfillbgcg0\dpfillbgcb0\dpfillpat0}}
\par }{\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1 {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1 {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1 {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1 {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1 {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1 
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1 {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1 {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \nowidctlpar\tqc\tx4824\hyphpar0 \f3 \tab 
UNITED STATES COURT OF APPEALS{\field{\*\fldinst {PRIVATE }{\fs20 {\*\datafield 0c0070686f656e697800010000a04500}}}{\fldrslt }}
\par \tab FOR THE SECOND CIRCUIT
\par \pard \nowidctlpar\tx-720\hyphpar0 
\par 
\par Nos.  2337, 2338 & 2339                           August Term, 1996
\par 
\par 
\par (Argued: June 10, 1997)              (Decided: August 15, 1997)
\par 
\par 
\par \pard \nowidctlpar\tqc\tx4824\hyphpar0 \tab Docket Nos. 97-7523, 97-7619 & 97-7631
\par \pard \nowidctlpar\tx-720\hyphpar0 
\par 
\par ---------------------------------------------------
\par WILLIAM G. CARLOS; SALVATORE ARDISI; MICHAEL
\par ARMISTEAD; PAUL CACCIA; MICHAEL CHRISTIANSEN;
\par WILLIAM FRATTAROLA; RUSSELL INFANTINO; RAYMOND
\par NIKISHER; VITO RIZZI; PETER FARRELL; ROGER
\par SCHREADER; LISA CARLUCCI; KATHERINE BROWN; WILLIAM
\par BUJARSKI; GARY CERRONE; JOSEPH DUSAVAGE; RICHARD
\par HATFIELD; THOMAS JOHANSON; DAVID ORCE; DAVID RYAN;
\par MICHAEL GIBBONS; MARGARET BRADLEY; VIRGINIA IRWIN;
\par MARY JANE FREDEMAN; ANN MARIE REPANTI, 
\par              Plaintiffs-Appellants-Cross-Appellees,
\par 
\par JIM GORDON; GEORGE GALLINGER; MAUREEN PETRANCHIK; 
\par MARIAM D'ALESSIO; THOMAS D'AMICO,
\par              Plaintiffs-Appellants,
\par 
\par                       v.
\par 
\par CARMELO J. SANTOS; CHARLES FERRANTE, SR.; SAMUEL
\par R. GAMBINO; TOWN OF PUTNAM VALLEY, NEW YORK, Town
\par of Putnam Valley; THE TOWN BOARD OF THE TOWN OF
\par PUTNAM VALLEY, NEW YORK,
\par              Defendants-Appellees-Cross-Appellants.
\par ---------------------------------------------------
\par 
\par BEFORE:   OAKES and PARKER, {\ul Circuit Judges}, and
\par \tab      NICKERSON, {\ul District Judge}.{\cs18\super *{\footnote \pard\plain \s17\sa240\nowidctlpar\tx-720\hyphpar0 \f3 {\cs18      }{\cs18\super *}
  The Honorable Eugene H. Nickerson, of the United States District Court for the Eastern District of New York, sitting by designation.}}
\par \pard \sl480\slmult1\nowidctlpar\tx-720\hyphpar0 
\par \pard \sl480\slmult1\nowidctlpar\tx-1440\tx-720\tx0\tx1152\tx1440\hyphpar0 \tab \tab Appeal from a judgment of the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York (Charles L. Brieant, {\ul 
\par 
\par 
\par Judge}) in a civil rights suit under 42 U.S.C. \'a7 1983.  In
 a bench trial of the equity issues, the district court dismissed the claims against the individual defendants, rejected the plaintiffs' request for a permanent injunction, and imposed a 120-day waiting period on the defendants, should they elect to pursu
e their threatened course of action.
\par \tab We affirm in part, and vacate in part.
\par \pard \nowidctlpar\tx-1440\tx-720\tx0\tx1152\tx1440\hyphpar0 
\par \pard \nowidctlpar\tx-1440\tx-720\tx0\tx1152\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx4464\tx5040\hyphpar0 \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab Jonathan Lovett, White Plains, NY\tab    \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab 
(Lovett & Gould, White Plains, NY, of counsel), {\ul for} {\ul Plaintiffs-Appellants-Cross-Appellees}.
\par \pard \nowidctlpar\tx-1440\tx-720\tx0\tx1152\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx3744\tx4320\tx4464\tx5040\hyphpar0 
\par \pard \fi-3744\li3744\nowidctlpar\tx-1440\tx-720\tx0\tx1152\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx3744\tx4320\tx4464\tx5040\hyphpar0 \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab William J. Madonna, Bronx, NY,              \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab {\ul for} {\ul 
Plaintiffs-Appellants}.
\par \pard \nowidctlpar\tx-1440\tx-720\tx0\tx1152\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx3744\tx4320\tx4464\tx5040\hyphpar0 
\par \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab Julius W. Cohn, White Plains, NY
\par \pard \fi-3744\li3744\nowidctlpar\tx-1440\tx-720\tx0\tx1152\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx3744\tx4320\tx4464\tx5040\hyphpar0 \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab (Sweeney Cohn Stahl & Vaccaro, White Plains, NY, of counsel), {\ul for} {\ul 
Defendant-Appellee-Cross-Appellant Gambino}.
\par \pard \nowidctlpar\tx-1440\tx-720\tx0\tx1152\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx3744\tx4320\tx4464\tx5040\hyphpar0 
\par \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab David O. Wright, Shrub Oak, NY,
\par \pard \fi-3744\li3744\nowidctlpar\tx-1440\tx-720\tx0\tx1152\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx3744\tx4320\tx4464\tx5040\hyphpar0  \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab {\ul for} {\ul Defendant-Appellee-Cross-Appellant Ferrante, Sr.}.
\par \pard \nowidctlpar\tx-1440\tx-720\tx0\tx1152\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx3744\tx4320\tx4464\tx5040\hyphpar0 
\par \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab (William H. Bave, Jr., Wilson, Bave,
\par \pard \fi-3744\li3744\nowidctlpar\tx-1440\tx-720\tx0\tx1152\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx3744\tx4320\tx4464\tx5040\hyphpar0  \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab Conboy & Bave, White Plains, NY, of counsel and on the brief), {\ul for} {\ul 
Defendants-Appellees-Cross-Appellants}.
\par \pard \nowidctlpar\tx-1440\tx-720\tx0\tx1152\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx3744\tx4320\tx4464\tx5040\hyphpar0 \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab {\ul 
\par 
\par 
\par }PARKER, {\ul Circuit Judge}:
\par \pard \nowidctlpar\tx-1440\tx-720\tx1152\tx4320\hyphpar0 
\par 
\par \pard \sl480\slmult1\nowidctlpar\tx-1440\tx-720\tx1152\tx4320\hyphpar0 \tab 
Members of the Putnam Valley, New York, police force brought three suits against certain members of the town board of Putnam Valley and against the Town of Putnam Valley itself (the \ldblquote Town\rdblquote 
).  The plaintiffs alleged that the board members planned to vote to abolish their police department as a means of retaliating against the Chief of Police (the \ldblquote Chief\rdblquote 
) for exercising First Amendment rights.  They sought a permanent injunction and damages.  The district court (Charles L. Brieant, {\ul Judge}), consolida
ted the three actions, severed the claims for monetary damages, and held a bench trial on the equity issues.  The court dismissed the claims against the individual defendants, denied the plaintiffs' request for a permanent injunction, but required the def
endants to wait 120 days before implementing any abolition of the force.  The court then granted a stay pending appeal.  We affirm all aspects of the district court's opinion except the 120-day waiting period, which we vacate, and one of the findings of f
act made by the court, which we also vacate.
\par \pard \sl480\slmult1\nowidctlpar\tqc\tx4824\hyphpar0 \tab {\field{\*\fldinst seq level0 \\h \\r0 }{\fldrslt }}{\field{\*\fldinst seq level1 \\h \\r0 }{\fldrslt }}{\field{\*\fldinst seq level2 \\h \\r0 }{\fldrslt }}{\field{\*\fldinst seq level3 \\h \\r0 
}{\fldrslt }}{\field{\*\fldinst seq level4 \\h \\r0 }{\fldrslt }}{\field{\*\fldinst seq level5 \\h \\r0 }{\fldrslt }}{\field{\*\fldinst seq level6 \\h \\r0 }{\fldrslt }}{\field{\*\fldinst seq level7 \\h \\r0 }{\fldrslt }}{\field{\*\fldinst seq level0 \\
*ROMAN}{\fldrslt I}}.  BACKGROUND
\par \pard \sl480\slmult1\nowidctlpar\tx-1440\tx-720\tx1152\tx4320\hyphpar0 \tab 
The Town of Putnam Valley is one of six towns within Putnam County, New York.  Putnam Valley and two other towns have their own police forces;  the remaining three towns do not.  The County Sheriff provides police protection to the towns that do not have 
their own forces, and backup services to the towns that do.  Defendants Santos, Gambino, and Ferrante are members of the town board of Putnam Valley and have stated their intention to vote as soon as possible to abolish the town police force.  They consti
tute a majority of the board.
\par \tab 
Apparently there has been bad blood between plaintiff Carlos (the Chief) and the defendants.  The defendants have taken the position that the town police force is unnecessary and expensive, especially because the Town has had to settle several lawsuits i
nvolving the police force.  The Chief, on the other hand, charges that the Board members' proffered motives for abolishing the police force are merely pretexts for retaliation against him for his political involvement.  
\par \tab In Sept
ember and October 1996, Carlos and other members of the police force brought three separate lawsuits against the defendants, alleging that the defendants were depriving them of property and retaliating against them for exercise of political speech, in vio
lation of 42 U.S.C. \'a7 1983, the First Amendment, and the Fourteenth Amendment.  Jurisdiction was premised on the presence of a federal question.  {\ul See} 28 U.S.C. \'a7 1331.  The three actions were consolidated by the district court.  
\par \tab On November 1, 1996, Judge
 Brieant issued a preliminary injunction preventing the abolition of the police department. On November 8, 1996, the defendants consented to extend the injunction until trial, which was set for December 3, 1996.  Judge Brieant severed the jury issues and 
heard trial on the equity issues.  The trial concluded on December 13.  On December 17, 1996, defendant Ferrante filed a Notice of Appeal from the preliminary injunction.  The appeal to this Court was expedited, but a decision was not made until March 17,
 1
997.  By that time, Judge Brieant was prepared to issue his final decision, so this Court remanded the case to Judge Brieant so that he could do so.  On April 7, 1997, the district court issued its findings of fact and conclusions of law, which denied an 
injunction, dismissed all claims asserted against the defendants in their individual capacities, dismissed third party claims, but granted the plaintiffs a stay pending appeal and imposed a 120-day waiting period should the Board vote to abolish the polic
e department.  The court supplemented these findings and conclusions on April 17, holding that New York law did not require a mandatory public referendum prior to abolishing the police department.  Judgment was entered on these two orders on April 17.  
\tab The plaintiffs have appealed, and the defendants have cross-appealed.
\par \pard \sl480\slmult1\nowidctlpar\tqc\tx4824\hyphpar0 \tab {\field{\*\fldinst seq level0 \\*ROMAN}{\fldrslt II}}.  DISCUSSION
\par \pard \sl480\slmult1\nowidctlpar\tx-1440\tx-720\tx1152\tx4320\hyphpar0 {\field{\*\fldinst seq level1 \\*ALPHABETIC}{\fldrslt A}}.  {\ul Liability of the Individual Defendants}
\par \tab The complaints alleged that the defendants engaged in the following specific acts:
\par \pard \fi-1152\li1152\ri1152\nowidctlpar\tx-1440\tx-720\tx1152\tx4320\hyphpar0 \tab (1) Before Santos took office, he met with Carlos in order to convince Carlos to retire; 
\par \tab (2) the defendants conducted secret meetings in order to further their retaliatory plan; 
\par \tab (3) the defendants provided scurrilous information to the FBI, which caused Carlos's application to participate in training at the FBI Academy to be rejected; 
\par \tab (4) the defendants hired a consultant to review the police department and produce a negative report; 
\par \tab (5) the defendants held a televised town board meeting \ldblquote solely for the purpose of staging vicious personal attacks on the Chief of Police\rdblquote ; 
\par \tab (6) the defendants encouraged a third party (one Olsen) to institute state litigation designed to embarrass the Chief; 
\par \pard \fi-1152\li1152\ri1152\sa240\nowidctlpar\tx-1440\tx-720\tx1152\tx4320\hyphpar0 \tab (7) Ferrante, \ldblquote purportedly acting as `private citizen Charles Ferrante,'\rdblquote 
 made false allegations of police misconduct after commencement of this litigation.
\par \pard \sl480\slmult1\nowidctlpar\tx-1440\tx-720\tx1152\tx4320\hyphpar0 Following trial, Judge Brieant made findings regarding these allegations.  He found that Santos had indeed met with Carlos in order to convince him 
to retire.  He did not, however, credit the plaintiffs' allegation that the defendants provided scurrilous information to the FBI:  he stated that \ldblquote 
[t]he source or names of persons conveying the adverse information cannot be identified, but it did not necessarily come from the defendants, as others in law enforcement and politics have come to dislike the Chief over the years.\rdblquote 
  He found that the defendants did hire a consultant, but that the consultant's report was not particularly derogatory.  He found tha
t there was insufficient information to resolve the allegation that Ferrante had made false allegations of police misconduct.  Finally, he found that all three defendants' motivation for their actions was essentially to save money for the taxpayers.  

\par \tab The plaintiffs argued that the defendants were liable under 42 U.S.C. \'a7 1983.  Judge Brieant disagreed, and dismissed all claims against the individual defendants on the ground of legislative immunity.  He stated the following:
\par \pard \fi-1152\li1152\ri1152\nowidctlpar\tx-1440\tx-720\tx1152\tx4320\hyphpar0 \tab The Court concludes that the decision as to whether or not this Town should have its own police department is essentially {\ul legislative and political}
 in its character, rather than administrative.  The issue may be resolved by a majority of the Town Board after a public hearing.  Its power to do so is absolute and unreviewable even if impelled by mixed motives, some of which, as in this case, are or ma
y be political, invidious, or retributive.
\par \pard \fi-1152\li1152\ri1152\sa240\nowidctlpar\tx-1440\tx-720\tx1152\tx4320\hyphpar0 \tab   It is clear that the individual members of the Town Board are absolutely immune from personal liability under 42 U.S.C. \'a7 1983 for making {\ul legislative}
 decisions of the sort present here, including budgetary allocations and the decision of whether or not any town department or position should be maintained and continued, or abolished.
\par \pard \sl480\slmult1\nowidctlpar\tx-1440\tx-720\tx1152\tx4320\hyphpar0 
On appeal, the plaintiffs argue that their complaints against the defendants in their individual capacities should not have been dismissed, because the alleged wrongdoings included conduct that was \ldblquote non-legislative in nature\rdblquote 
 and that occurred \ldblquote outside of the legislative forum.\rdblquote   Therefore, they argue, the conduct does not come within the legislative immunity doctrine.  
\par \tab 1.  {\ul Under Color of Law}
\par \tab Section 1983 provides a right of action against any person who \ldblquote under color of\rdblquote  state law subjects another person to a \ldblquote deprivation of any rights, privileges, or immunities secured by the Constitution and laws.
\rdblquote   42 U.S.C. \'a7 1983.  Our first inquiry, therefore, is whether the actions alleged by the plaintiffs come within the definition of \ldblquote under color of\rdblquote  law.
\par \tab \ldblquote `The traditional definition of acting under color of state law requires that the defendant in a \'a7 1983 action have exercised power \ldblquote 
possessed by virtue of state law and made possible only because the wrongdoer is clothed with the authority of state law.\rdblquote '\rdblquote   {\ul Kern v. City of Rochester}, 93 F.3d 38, 43 (2d Cir. 1996) (quoting {\ul West v. Atkins}
, 487 U.S. 42, 49 (1988) (quoting {\ul United States v. Classic}, 313 U.S. 299, 326 (1941))), {\ul cert. denied}, 117 S. Ct. 1335 (1997).  Santos's meeting with Carlos was not a \ldblquote misuse of power, possessed by virtue of state law.\rdblquote 
  Santos had not yet even taken office:  he possessed no power by virtue of state law to misuse.  Nor did state authority enable the defendants to conduct their secret meetings, encourage a third party to sue, or, in Ferrante's ca
se, bring a police complaint in his own name.  Any 
\par citizen may perform these acts:  they were not \ldblquote made possible only because the wrongdoer[s] [were] clothed with the authority of state law.\rdblquote   Thus, plaintiffs' allegations (1), (2), (6) and (7) concern acts that were not undertaken 
\ldblquote under color of law.\rdblquote   Whether true or not, they could not form the basis of liability under \'a7 1983.
\par \tab 
The plaintiffs' allegation (3), that the defendants provided scurrilous information to the FBI, is on slightly different footing.  If the defendants had done this deed in their official capacities, they might have been acting under color of law.  But Jud
ge Brieant found that the plaintiffs had not carried their burden of proof that the defendants did indeed supply this information
, and the record reveals that this finding is not clearly erroneous.  Therefore, while allegation (3) might have been viable had it been proved, it was not proved and therefore was also properly dismissed.
\par \tab 
Allegations (4) and (5), however, do relate to actions taken under color of law.  The defendants were able to hire a consultant to review the police force (allegation (4)), and were able to hold a public hearing (allegation (5)), solely because they were 
\ldblquote clothed with the authority of state law,\rdblquote  i.e., the authority vested in them as town board members.
\par \tab Thus, all of the allegations except (4) and (5) relate to actions that were not taken under color of law.  Therefore, they may not form the basis of a claim under \'a7 1983.  They were properly dismissed.
\par \tab 2.  {\ul Legislative Immunity}
\par \tab Having determined that the plaintiffs' allegation (4) and (5) were performed under color of state law, our next inquiry is whether these alleged misdeeds come within the legislative immunity exception to \'a7 1983.  There has long bee
n recognized an absolute legislative immunity exception to \'a7 1983 liability for individuals.  {\ul See} {\ul Tenney v. Brandhove}, 341 U.S. 367 (1951).  In {\ul Goldberg v. Town of Rocky Hill}, 973 F.2d 70 (2d Cir. 1992), and {\ul 
United States v. City of Yonkers}, 856 F.2d 444 (2d Cir. 1988), {\ul rev'd on other grounds sub nom. Spallone v. United States}
, 493 U.S. 265 (1990), we noted in dicta that at least nine other federal circuit courts have held that the absolute legislative immunity doctrine applies to local legislators, {\ul see} {\ul Goldberg}, 973 F.2d at 72; {\ul City of Yonkers}
, 856 F.2d at 456, and in {\ul Orange Lake Associates, Inc. v. Kirkpatrick}, 21 F.3d 1214 (2d Cir. 1994), we assumed that it did, {\ul see} {\ul id} at 1224.  We therefore now explicitly hold that the doctrine of absolute legislative immunity under \'a7
 1983 applies to local legislators.
\par \tab We next ask whether acts (4) and (5) specifically come within the protection of that doctrine.  \ldblquote In determining whether absolute immunity obtains, we apply a `functional approach,' looking to the function 
being performed rather than to the office or identity of the defendant.\rdblquote   {\ul Hill v. City of New York}, 45 F.3d 653, 660 (2d Cir. 1995); {\ul accord} {\ul Forrester v. White}, 484 U.S. 219, 224 (1988); {\ul Pinaud v. County of Suffolk}
, 52 F.3d 1139, 1147 (2d Cir. 1995).  The facts of {\ul Tenney} are quite similar to plaintiffs' 
\par allegation (5).  In {\ul Tenney}, the plaintiff alleged that members of a committee of the California Legislature, the Senate Fact-Finding Committee on Un-American Activities, had held a hearing \ldblquote not for a legislative purpose,\rdblquote 
 but in order to \ldblquote intimidate and silence\rdblquote  the plaintiff.  {\ul See} {\ul Tenney}, 341 U.S. at 370.  The Court held that legislative immunity protected the legislators from the plaintiff's suit and stated that \ldblquote 
[i]nvestigations, whether by standing or special committees, are an established part of representative government.\rdblquote   {\ul Id.} at 377-78.  Because of the close parallel between the allegation here\emdash \emdash 
that legislators held a hearing for the purpose of traducing the plaintiff\emdash \emdash and the allegation in {\ul Tenney}\emdash \emdash that legislators held a hearing for the purpose of intimidating the plaintiff\emdash \emdash 
we hold that the defendants' decision to hold the hearing is protected by absolute legislative immunity.  Therefore, we need not inquire as to whether the defendants' purpose in holding the hearing was actually as the plaintiffs allege.
\par \tab For much the same reason, we conclude that allegation (4) is also barred by the absolute legislative immunity doctrine.  Like the hearing, the consultant's report was part of a legislative investig
ation of the police department.  Moreover, legislators should not be limited in their methods of investigation to hearings:  reports by hired consultants are a useful tool in legislative inquiries.  Therefore, the plaintiffs' allegation (4) was also prope
rly dismissed as against the individual defendants.
\par \tab Thus, the plaintiffs' claims against the defendants in their individual capacities were properly dismissed.  A viable \'a7 1983 claim against a town legislator in his individual capacity must allege acts tak
en under color of state law, but not acts that were legislative in nature.  Whether they are true or not, the plaintiffs' allegations do not concern acts that fall into this category.  Therefore, the defendants in their individual capacities were properly
 dismissed from the suit. 
\par {\field{\*\fldinst seq level1 \\*ALPHABETIC}{\fldrslt B}}.  {\ul Permanent Injunction Against the Town}
\par \tab Unlike the individual defendants, the Town cannot avail itself of legislative immunity in defending against a \'a7 1983 claim.  {\ul Goldberg}, 973 F.2d at 74.  Below, th
e defendants sought an injunction against the Town, preventing the town from abolishing its police force.  Judge Brieant denied this request.  He stated that the plaintiffs could look to the damages trial for redress, and that the plaintiffs retained thei
r rights under N.Y. Civ. Serv. Law \'a7 80 {\ul et seq.} to reinstatement if, for example, the defendants subsequently hired a new police force.  He stated that an adequate remedy at law could be had, and that \ldblquote 
it would be absurd to require a municipality to continue indefinitely and fund and [sic] activity which it wishes to abandon, simply on the ground that the decision to do so was a product of mixed motives.\rdblquote   
\par \tab We review a denial of a request for a permanent injunction for abuse of discretion.  {\ul See} {\ul Nikon Inc. v. Ikon Corp.}, 987 F.2d 91, 94 (2d Cir. 1993).  \ldblquote 
Abuse of discretion can be found if the district court relied upon a clearly erroneous finding of fact or incorrectly applied the law.\rdblquote   {\ul Id.} (citing {\ul Bristol-Myers Squib Co. v. McNeil-P.P.C., Inc.}, 973 F.2d 10
33, 1038 (2d Cir. 1992)).  Moreover, \ldblquote injunctive relief where an adequate remedy at law exists is inappropriate.\rdblquote   {\ul Petereit v. S.B. Thomas, Inc.}, 63 F.3d 1169, 1185 (2d Cir. 1995), {\ul cert. denied}, 116 S. Ct. 1351 (1996).  

\par 
\par 
\par \tab 
The only argument that the plaintiffs offer on appeal in favor of an injunction is the argument that New York law protects civil servants from bad faith abolition of their jobs.  This argument is incomplete:  it posits a right, but does not explain why a
 legal, as opposed to equitable, remedy for that right would be inadequate in this case.  Presented with no substantive argument as to the impropriety of Judge Brieant's decision, we affirm it.
\par {\field{\*\fldinst seq level1 \\*ALPHABETIC}{\fldrslt C}}.  {\ul State Law Issues}
\par \tab 
At trial, the plaintiffs argued that the police department could only be abolished after a public referendum in Putnam Valley.  Judge Brieant rejected this argument.  The plaintiffs now contend that this was contrary to several provisions of New York law.

\par \tab {\field{\*\fldinst seq level2 \\*arabic}{\fldrslt 1}}.  {\ul New York Municipal Home Rule Law \'a7 23}
\par \tab 
First, the plaintiffs point out that the members of Putnam Valley's town board are statutorily vested with the power to appoint a chief of police and subordinate police officers and the power to create or abolish a board of police commissioners or to act
 as commissioners themselves.  They also point out that New York law provides that \ldblquote a local law shall be subject to mandatory referendum if it . . . [a]bolishes, transfers or curtails any power of an elective officer.\rdblquote   {\ul See}
 N.Y. Mun. Home Rule Law \'a7 23(2)(f).  They argue that abolishing the police force of Putnam Valley will abolish the appointment powers of the town board members (i.e., elective officers within \'a7 23), and so must be put to a referendum.
\par \tab Judge Brieant properly rejected this argument:  
\par \pard \nowidctlpar\tx-1440\tx-720\tx1152\tx4320\hyphpar0 
\par 
\par \pard \fi-1152\li1152\ri1152\sa240\nowidctlpar\tx-1440\tx-720\tx1152\tx4320\hyphpar0 \tab The power referred to [by the plaintiffs] apparently is the power to vote on filling vacancies in the Department.  This power itself will not have been \ldblquote 
abolished\rdblquote 
 and certainly it has not been transferred. . . . [T]his Town Board and its successors retain in full their powers of appointment of any police officers who are to be appointed, as well as the power to establish or abolish any town department in the futur
e.  The statute cited simply protects the powers of the office, which will remain the same the day after the proposed local law is adopted.
\par \pard \sl480\slmult1\nowidctlpar\tx-1440\tx-720\tx1152\tx4320\hyphpar0 The district court's ruling on this issue is affirmed.
\par \tab {\field{\*\fldinst seq level2 \\*arabic}{\fldrslt 2}}.  {\ul The Putnam County Police Act}
\par \tab The plaintiffs also relied on the Putnam County Police Act in the court below, and renew their arguments relating to it here.  The Act provides, in pertinent part, the following: 
\par \pard \fi-1152\li1152\ri1152\nowidctlpar\tx-1440\tx-720\tx1152\tx4320\hyphpar0 \tab \'a7 1.  {\b Establishment, organization and operation of police departments in all towns in the county of Putnam.}
  Notwithstanding any other provisions of law, the establishment, organization and operation and all matters concerning police or police departments in all towns in the county of Putnam shall be governed by the provisions of this act.
\par \pard \fi-1152\li1152\ri1152\sa240\nowidctlpar\tx-1440\tx-720\tx1152\tx4320\hyphpar0 \tab \'a7 2.  {\b Establishment of town police department.}
  The town board of any town in Putnam county which now has a police force or police department, or employs a police officer or police officers . . . or which hereafter employs such police officer or police officers . . . shall establish a police departme
nt and may appoint a chief of police, and such lieutenants, sergeants and patrolmen as may be needed and fix their compensation.
\par \pard \sl480\slmult1\nowidctlpar\tx-1440\tx-720\tx1152\tx4320\hyphpar0 1941 Laws of New York, Ch. 610.  The plaintiffs argue that this Act requires every town in Putnam County to have a police force.
\par \tab This act uses the phrase \ldblquote employs a police officer\rdblquote  distinctly from the phrase \ldblquote establishes a police department,\rdblquote 
 yet the plaintiffs' interpretation would equate the two phrases.  We read the statute as stating that {\ul if} a town in Putnam County has a police force of any sort, {\ul then}
 it must have a police department, i.e., a division of local government dedicated to the policing function.  If the town Board passes the threatened bill, there will be {\ul no} police
 employed by the Town of Putnam Valley, and so the Putnam Valley Police Act will not apply to Putnam Valley.  We therefore reject the plaintiffs' argument that the Putnam County Police Act is an obstacle to the defendants' threatened action.
\par \pard \sa240\nowidctlpar\tx-1440\tx-720\tx1152\tx4320\hyphpar0 \tab {\field{\*\fldinst seq level2 \\*arabic}{\fldrslt 3}}.  {\ul Other State Law Claims}
\par \pard \sl480\slmult1\nowidctlpar\tx-1440\tx-720\tx1152\tx4320\hyphpar0 \tab 
The plaintiffs also raise several arguments based on the New York Constitution and the New York Statute of Local Governments in its briefs.  These arguments were not raised below, and so are waived.
\par \tab Thus, New York law (as presented to the district court) presents no obstacle to the defendants' proposed action.
\par {\field{\*\fldinst seq level1 \\*ALPHABETIC}{\fldrslt D}}.{\field{\*\fldinst seq level2 \\h \\r0 }{\fldrslt }}  {\ul The 120-Day Waiting Period}
\par \tab 
The defendants cross-appeal the issue of the 120-day waiting period Judge Brieant imposed on them, should they actually abolish the police force.  The plaintiffs also appeal the 120-day period, arguing that it is too short.  The Judge stated the followin
g regarding this time limit:
\par \pard \fi-1152\li1152\ri1152\nowidctlpar\tx-1440\tx-720\tx1152\tx4320\hyphpar0 \tab While the decision to abolish the Police Department is legislative, the {\ul manner} in which it shall be accomplished is {\ul administrative}
, and this Court has and should exercise its supplemental jurisdiction to avoid the implementation of any local law in a {\ul manner}
 which would be arbitrary and capricious, or inflict unusual injury upon any of the persons affected, or the general public.  Once it becomes absolutely certain that the Putnam Valley Police Department will be abolished, it will require at least 120 days 
thereafter in order for the Sheriff of Putnam County, with the support and cooperation
\par \pard \nowidctlpar\tx-1440\tx-720\tx1152\tx4320\hyphpar0 
\par \pard \fi-1152\li1152\ri1152\sa240\nowidctlpar\tx-1440\tx-720\tx1152\tx4320\hyphpar0 \tab 
of the County Executive and the County Legislature to provide for the necessary funds and personnel and facilities to effectuate the necessary transition smoothly and to prevent a dangerous gap or hiatus in protection of the general public interest again
st crime and emergencies.
\par \pard \sl480\slmult1\nowidctlpar\tx-1440\tx-720\tx1152\tx4320\hyphpar0 \tab The Judge did not specify what state law claim he was subjecting to supplemental jurisdiction.  The Judge's use of the terms \ldblquote arbitrary and capricious\rdblquote  and 
\ldblquote administrative\rdblquote  suggests an Article 78 proceeding, a New York procedure in which administrative implementations of legislative acts are reviewed.  However, \ldblquote 
[i]t is well established that an article 78 proceeding is not the proper vehicle to test the validity of a legislative act,\rdblquote   {\ul Kamhi v. Town of Yorktown}, 141 A.D.2d 607, 608, 529 N.Y.S.2d 528, 529 (2d Dep't 1988), and the term \ldblquote 
legislative act,\rdblquote  for purposes of Article 78, \ldblquote applies where . . . the dispute centers upon a rule of general applicability rather than an {\ul ad hoc} determination of an individual party's particular rights,\rdblquote  {\ul 
Constantakos v. Board of Educ.}, 105 A.D.2d 825, 825, 482 N.Y.S.2d 27, 28 (2d Dep't 1984) (citing {\ul Solnick v. Whalen}
, 49 N.Y.2d 224, 231-32, 401 N.E.2d 190, 194-95, 425 N.Y.S.2d 68, 72-73 (1980)).  The effective date of the proposed action would be a \ldblquote rule of general applicability\rdblquote 
 and so would not be subject to review in an Article 78 proceeding.  The proper vehicle for an attack on the threatened action would be a declaratory judgment action, {\ul see} {\ul Kahmi}, 141 A.D.2d at 609,
 529 N.Y.S.2d at 530, but, as we have seen above, the district court properly rejected the arguments that might have supported a request for a declaratory judgment.
\par \tab 
Thus, the court erred when it required the defendants to wait 120 days before making an abolition of the police department effective.  This holding of the district court is vacated.  The defendants may abolish the police force immediately, should they ch
oose to do so.
\par E.  {\ul Plaintiffs' Proposed Finding of Fact \'b6 31}
\par \tab Finally, the defendants argue that the court below committed clear error when it adopted the plaintiffs' proposed finding of fact \'b6 31, which stated the following:
\par \pard \fi-1152\li1152\ri1152\sa240\nowidctlpar\tx-1440\tx-720\tx1152\tx4320\hyphpar0 \tab 
31.  Thereafter and in October of 1996, Gambino and Santos met with senior citizens' groups in Putnam Valley at which time the Supervisor advised those citizens that after abolition of the Police Department, police coverage in the Town would be 
\ldblquote sporadic at best.\rdblquote   While Gambino and Santos were engaged in meetings with the seniors, Ferrante was advising town residents that the Putnam Valley Police headquarters would be used as a sub-station by the Sheriff's Department.
\par \pard \sl480\slmult1\nowidctlpar\tx-1440\tx-720\tx1152\tx4320\hyphpar0 \tab 
We have reviewed the record and find that the meeting with the senior citizens is supported by the record and not clearly erroneous.  The last sentence, however, regarding Ferrante's activities, finds no support in the pages cited in the proposed finding
 of fact incorporated by the court.  The plaintiffs have made no effort to counter the defendants' argument that this finding of fact was erroneous.  We therefore vacate this finding of fact by the district court.
\par \pard \sl480\slmult1\nowidctlpar\tqc\tx4824\hyphpar0 \tab III.  CONCLUSION
\par \pard \sl480\slmult1\nowidctlpar\tx-1440\tx-720\tx1152\tx4320\hyphpar0 \tab 
The district court's ruling is affirmed, except insofar as it imposed a 120-day waiting period on the defendants, and insofar as it adopted the final sentence of plaintiffs' proposed finding of fact \'b6
 31. In these latter respects, the court's ruling is vacated.
\par } 'e1