{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f36\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\f37\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f39\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f40\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f41\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\f42\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f43\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f44\froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;
\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 \styrsid5470408 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive 
\ssemihidden Default Paragraph Font;}{\*\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\cgrid\langnp1024\langfenp1024 \snext11 \ssemihidden Normal Table;}}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid4068472\rsid5246735\rsid5470408\rsid12724302}
{\*\generator Microsoft Word 10.0.3416;}{\info{\title The Lacey Act of 1894}{\author  }{\operator  }{\creatim\yr2004\mo9\dy1\hr13\min53}{\revtim\yr2004\mo9\dy1\hr13\min53}{\version2}{\edmins1}{\nofpages3}{\nofwords1769}{\nofchars7979}
{\*\company Yellowstone National Park}{\nofcharsws9721}{\vern16453}}\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\formshade\horzdoc\dgmargin\dghspace180\dgvspace180\dghorigin1800\dgvorigin1440\dghshow1\dgvshow1
\jexpand\viewkind1\viewscale100\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\splytwnine\ftnlytwnine\htmautsp\nolnhtadjtbl\useltbaln\alntblind\lytcalctblwd\lyttblrtgr\lnbrkrule\nobrkwrptbl\snaptogridincell\allowfieldendsel\wrppunct\asianbrkrule\rsidroot5470408 \fet0\sectd 
\linex0\endnhere\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}
{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid5470408 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\b\fs28\insrsid5470408\charrsid4068472 The Lacey Act of 1894
\par }{\fs22\insrsid5470408\charrsid5246735 
\par (}{\i\fs22\insrsid5470408\charrsid5246735 U.S., Statutes at Large, vol.28, p.73)
\par 
\par }{\fs22\insrsid5470408\charrsid5246735 CHAP. 72.
\par }{\fs22\insrsid5246735\charrsid5246735 \emdash A}{\fs22\insrsid5470408\charrsid5246735 n Act to protect the birds and animals in Yellowstone National park, and to punish crimes in said park, and for other purposes.
\par 
\par }{\i\fs22\insrsid5470408\charrsid5246735      Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, }{\fs22\insrsid5470408\charrsid5246735 
That the Yellowstone National Park, as its boundaries are now defined, or as they may be hereafter defined or extended, shall be under the sole and exclusive jurisdiction of the United State
s; and that all the laws applicable to places under the sole and exclusive jurisdiction of the United States shall have force and effect in said park: }{\i\fs22\insrsid5470408\charrsid5246735 Provided, however, }{\fs22\insrsid5470408\charrsid5246735 
that nothing in this Act shall be construed to forbid the service in the park of any c
ivil or criminal process of any court having jurisdiction in the States of Idaho, Montana, and Wyoming. All fugitives from justice taking refuge in said park shall be subject to the same laws as refugees from justice found in the state of Wyoming.
\par      SEC
. 2.  That said park, for all the purposes of this Act, shall constitute a part of the United States judicial district of Wyoming, and the district and circuit courts of the United States in and for said district shall have jurisdiction of all offenses co
mmitted within said park.
\par      SEC. 3.  That if any offense shall be committed in said Yellowstone National Park, which offense is not prohibited or the punishment is not specially provided for by any law of the United States or by any regulation of the Sec
retary of the Interior, the offender shall be subject to the same punishment as the laws of the State of Wyoming in force at the time of the commission of the offense may provide for a like offense in the said State; and no subsequent repeal of any such l
aw of the State of Wyoming shall affect any prosecution for said offense committed within said park.
\par      SEC. 4.  That all hunting, or the killing or wounding, or capturing at any time of any bird or wild animal, except dangerous animals, when it is necess
ary to prevent them from destroying human life or inflicting an injury, is prohibited within the limits of said park; nor shall any fish be taken out of the waters of the park by means of seines, nets, traps, or by use of drugs or any explosive substances
 
or compounds, or in any other way than by hook and line, and then only at such seasons and in such times and manner as may be directed by the Secretary of the Interior. That the Secretary of the Interior shall make and publish such rules and regulations a
s
 he may deem necessary and proper for the management and care of the park and for the protection of the property therein, especially for the preservation from injury or spoilation of all timber, mineral deposits, natural curiosities, or wonderful objects 
w
ithin said park; and for the protection of the animals and birds in the park, from capture or destruction, or to prevent their being frightened or driven from the park; and he shall make rules governing the taking of fish from the streams or lakes in the 
p
ark. Possession within said park of the dead bodies, or any part thereof, of any wild bird or animal shall be prima facie evidence that the person or persons having the same are guilty of violating this Act. Any person or persons, or stage or express comp
a
ny or railway company, receiving for transportation any of the said animals, birds, or fish so killed, taken or caught shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and shall be fined for every such offense not exceeding three hundred dollars. Any person found
 
guilty of violating any of the provisions of this Act or any rule or regulation that may be promulgated by the Secretary of the Interior with reference to the management and care of the park, or for the protection of the property therein, for the preserva
t
ion from injury or spoilation of timber, mineral deposits, natural curiosities, or wonderful objects within said park, or for the protection of the animals, birds and fish in the said park, shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and shall be subjected t
o a fine of not more than one thousand dollars or imprisonment not exceeding two years, or both, and be adjudged to pay all costs of the proceedings.
\par      That all guns, traps, teams, horses, or means of transportation of every nature or description used by
 any person or persons within said park limits when engaged in killing, trapping, ensnaring, or capturing such wild beasts, birds, or wild animals shall be forfeited to the United States, and may be seized by the officers in said park and held pending the
 
prosecution of any person or persons arrested under charge of violating the provisions of this Act, and upon conviction under this Act of such person or persons using said guns, traps, teams, horses, or other means of transportation such forfeiture shall 
be adjudicated as a penalty in addition to the other punishment provided in this Act. Such forfeited property shall be disposed of and accounted for by and under the authority of the Secretary of the Interior.
\par      SEC.5.  That the United States circuit cou
rt in said district shall appoint a commissioner, who shall reside in said park, who shall have jurisdiction to hear and act upon al complaints made, of any and all violations of the law, or of the rules and regulations made by the Secretary of the Interi
o
r for the government of the park, and for the protection of the animals, birds, and fish and objects of interest therein, and, for other purposes authorized by this Act. Such commissioner shall have power, upon sworn information, to issue process in the n
a
me of the United States for the arrest of any person charged with the commission of any misdemeanor, or charged with the violation of the rules and regulations, or with the violation of any provisions of this Act prescribed for the government of said park
,
 and to try the person so charged, and if found guilty, to impose the punishment and adjudge the forfeiture prescribed. In all cases of conviction an appeal shall lie from the judgment of said commissioner to the United States district court for the distr
i
ct of Wyoming, said appeal to be governed by the laws of the State of Wyoming providing for appeals in cases of misdemeanor from justices of the peace to the district court of said State; but the United States circuit court in said district may prescribe 
r
ules of procedure and practice for said commissioner in the trial of cases and for appeal to said United States district court. Said commissioner shall also have power to issue process as herein before provided for the arrest of any person charged with th
e
 commission of any felony within the park, and to summarily hear the evidence introduced, and, if he shall determine that probable cause is shown for holding the person so charged for the trial, shall cause such person to be safely conveyed to a secure pl
a
ce for confinement, within the jurisdiction of the United States district court in the said State of Wyoming, and shall certify a transcript of the record of his proceedings and the testimony in the case to the said court, which court shall have jurisdict
ion of the case: }{\i\fs22\insrsid5470408\charrsid5246735 Provided, }{\fs22\insrsid5470408\charrsid5246735 
that the said commissioner shall grant bail in all cases bailable under the laws of the United States or of said State. All process issued by the commissioner shall be directed to the marshal of the United States for the district 
of Wyoming; but nothing herein contained shall be construed as preventing the arrest by any officer of the Government or employee of the United States in the park without process of any person taken in the act of violating the law or any regulation of the
 Secretary of the Interior: }{\i\fs22\insrsid5470408\charrsid5246735 Provided, }{\fs22\insrsid5470408\charrsid5246735 that the said commissioner shall only exercise such authority and powers as are conferred in this Act.
\par      SEC. 6.   That the marshal of the United States for the district of Wyoming may appoint one or more deputy mars
hals for said park, who shall reside in said park, and the said United States district and circuit courts shall hold one session of said courts annually at the town of Sheridan in the State of Wyoming, and may also hold other sessions at any other place i
n said State of Wyoming or in said National Park at such dates as the said courts may order.
\par      SEC. 7.  That the said commissioner provided for in this Act shall, in addition to the fees allowed by law to commissioners of the circuit courts of the United
 States, be paid an annual salary of one thousand dollars, payable quarterly, and the marshal of the United States and his deputies, and the attorney of the United States and his assistants in said district, shall be paid the same compensation and fees as
 are now provided by law for like services in said district.
\par      SEC. 8.  That all costs and expenses arising in cases under this Act, and properly chargeable to the United States, shall be certified, approved, and paid as like costs and expenses in the co
urts of the United States are certified, approved, and paid under the laws of the United States.
\par      SEC. 9.  That the Secretary of the Interior shall cause to be erected in the Park a suitable building to be used as a jail, and also having in said buildi
ng an office for the use of the commissioner, the cost of such building not to exceed five thousand dollars, to be paid out of any moneys in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated upon the certificate of the Secretary as a voucher there for.
\par      SEC. 10.
 That this Act shall not be construed to repeal existing laws conferring upon the Secretary of the Interior and the Secretary of War certain powers with reference to the protection, improvement, and control of the said Yellowstone National Park.
\par      Approved, May 7, 1894.
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\insrsid5470408\charrsid5246735 
\par }} p'7 3er