{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8540\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
ABOUT MICHAEL ROZEK \
\
                      \'93Painting is not done to decorate apartments. It is an instrument of war.\'94\
\
                                                                                             \'97Pablo Picasso\
\
\
Q: Which of your developing projects do you want to talk about first? \
\
A: DAY, I think\'85It stars the great Belgian actress Lubna Azabal. And CARVER, based on the life of George Washington Carver. Carver was a 
\i castrato,
\i0  so his character will be played by a woman\'97the Grammy-nominated American jazz singer Rene Marie (renemarie.com). Jim Beard (jimbeard.com), of Steely Dan, will do the music.  \
\
A: But, meantime, you have no past work to show: no short films, no student films\'85\
\
Q: Well, I\'92ll be 63 next year. So I don\'92t think 
\i student
\i0  films are in my future (laughs)\'85.\
\
Q: But as an about-to-be first-time director, how have you managed to get this far\'97with the odds so obviously against you? \
\
A: I\'92m infinitely persistent (laughs).\
\
But just as importantly, when I began teaching myself about film ten years ago, I anticipated every objection to my actually 
\i making
\i0  films (laughs)\'97then, resolved to write scripts so simple to direct a \'93first-time director\'94 could make them.\
\
Q: Could you explain more about that? \
\
A: Many producers think my scripts are actually treatments\'97because I don\'92t format my scripts in any \'93standard\'94 way. But that\'92s largely because 
\i my
\i0  
\i projects
\i0  
\i rarely
\i0  
\i have
\i0  
\i more
\i0  
\i than
\i0  
\i two
\i0  
\i characters
\i0 \'97and usually, only one\'97and very few scenes. DAY, for example, has just five scenes\'97and one is almost the entire length of the film. CARVER has 
\i two
\i0  scenes. \
\
And in those scenes, there\'92s almost 
\i no
\i0  camera movement\'97in fact, almost all of them have only 
\i one
\i0  
\i shot
\i0 . That means my films are not only easy for me to direct\'97especially with the help of an experienced DP\'97but also inexpensive, all the way through post-production. \
\
Q: And yet, though your films are \'93simple,\'94 they are hardly simplistic\'97aesthetically, artistically\'85\
\
A: My idea of filmmaking starts with something Tarkovsky said\'97that film is \'93sculpting in time.\'94 Just as a sculptor may sculpt in the medium of marble, I\'92m working in the medium of time\'97from minute one to minute 90. How do I \'93sculpt\'94 that elapsing time? I write very rich language for my characters to say\'97so rich, it 
\i transforms
\i0  the time. The audience has to listen very intensely to the language\'97to keep up with it, to keep thinking about it\'97and that process rivets them.\
\
The longer the language goes on\'97for the entire film\'97the tension and drama it creates overwhelms. Meanwhile, my films\'92 
\i visual
\i0  character is imposing itself: usually, a single scene that\'97
\i in
\i0  
\i its
\i0  
\i static
\i0  
\i persistence
\i0 \'97ends up haunting you.\
\
Q: But what I\'92m also struck by is your 
\i confidence
\i0  making such cinema\'85where does that sense come from? \
\
A: It might go back to when I was two years old. My parents came in the living room one day and \
found me reading a newspaper\'97out loud. I remember the moment. It actually makes me think I was born knowing how to read\'97even though I can\'92t explain a miracle such as that. But what I remember was not \'93reading\'94\'85but 
\i seeing
\i0 . In life, walking down the street or into a room, I see 
\i everything
\i0 . It\'92s why I can\'92t drive a car\'97I don\'92t even have a license. I see too much of what\'92s coming at me, and can\'92t shut it out. \
\
And it\'92s the same when I watch films. I experience them in such a pure, 
\i total
\i0  way, I 
\i never
\i0  think about\
backpedaling and making film that is derivative. I\'92m not interested in making 
\i genre
\i0  films, or traditional \'93narrative,\'94 or bowing to the current god of \'93story.\'94 Renoir, the painter, told Renoir, his son the filmmaker: \'93All great art is abstract.\'94 I\'92m not interested in what films are \'93about\'94\'97I\'92m interested in what they \'93are.\'94 I\'92m interested in their 
\i form
\i0 \'97their 
\i essential
\i0  
\i nature
\i0 . What they \'93are\'94 should be what they are \'93about.\'94 I guess you could say I was born to be an 
\i auteur
\i0  (laughs). That\'92s what I am\'85\
\
Q: You said that ten years ago, you started teaching yourself about film. How and why did that happen?\
\
A: I grew up an only child in a middle-class family in America\'97but my parents had an almost European appreciation of the arts. My father read constantly, and loved opera, and he and my mother\
were always listening to LPs of Broadway musicals or classical music\'97and we lived near New York\
City, so we were always going there to shows or plays or concerts. And so I was exposed to European cinema\'97even before I was ten, I understood how different it was from American film. All through my childhood, I went to MOMA and the New York Film Festival and art house theaters in New York to see \'93foreign\'94 films\'97and just like Martin Scorsese did when he was young, I watched all the classic French and Italian films shown regularly on WOR, a local television station in New York. And the beauty of European cinema\'97that word \'93beauty\'94 encompasses so much\'97made a deep, deep mark on me. \
\
But then, I became a magazine journalist. I started writing for ROLLING STONE when I was 21, and went on to write for ESQUIRE, GQ, THE VILLAGE VOICE\'85everyone. It ended up being about 2,000 articles, over a long career. Finally, in my mid-forties, I left the profession\'97because I saw how \
completely insubstantial it was. \
\
Then I did some wandering: I tried starting my own magazine, I wrote books. But none of that was right for me to do. Then in 2006, I got a DVD player\'97I was probably one of the last people in the world to buy one (laughs). And, I began noticing all the Criterion Collection DVDs at my local public library\'97and bringing them home and watching them, and revisiting and expanding my knowledge of the cinema I\'92d been exposed to in my youth. I guess since then I\'92ve seen at least 1,500 films: only the\
great ones, by Bresson and Rivette and Costa and De Oliviera and Ozu and Melville and Tarkovsky\
and Becker and\'85\
\
Gradually, it dawned on me: I wanted to make films. Put another way: I found my calling. But in America, there\'92s so little encouragement to 
\i be
\i0  an artist, artists can go a long time without making a self-discovery like I did\'97if ever. In my case, it took until I was 57 years old. \
\
In 2011\'97one morning, out of the blue\'97I began writing my first script, DAY. I didn\'92t even bother thinking about what \'93format\'94 I was supposed to write it in\'97all that mattered to me was clearly expressing my vision on paper. Eventually, I sent the script to Lubna Azabal, asking if she wanted\
to play its one character. She didn\'92t know me at all, of course. But I pay very close attention to European cinema, and I\'92d seen her greatness in INCENDIES and many other films\'97and yet, that she was very underserved in most of the roles she was being asked to play. Two months later, I heard from her agent\'97asking if I would talk to Lubna on Skype. And when I did, she told me, with all her heart and great emotion: \'93Michael, there are about 40,000 reasons why I want to do your film.\'94 And she attached to DAY\'97even though, at that point, it was unfinanced\'97for life.\
\
Ever since, I\'92ve been writing projects and bringing them to actors and DPs and producers, and \
letting the quality of my work open doors for me. It took Rene Marie about two days to attach to \
CARVER\'97she just read the script, and immediately emailed me: \'93Wow. I\'92m in.\'94 I just had the same\
experience with the brilliant DP\'97Aki Kaurismaki\'92s DP\'97Timo Salminen. I have 
\i twenty-two
\i0  different films at some point of development right now: either just about to be greenlit, or in script stage, or projects I\'92m writing. And I am very clear about my goal for all of it: to create a large body of work putting me firmly into the tradition of filmmakers I learned about when I was young\'97so after I\'92m gone, people might say, \'93He was one of them.\'94 \
\
Q: So your aspirations are more artistic than commercial?\
\
A: They\'92re 
\i both
\i0  artistic and commercial. I\'92m not interested in my work being shown only in museums, or endlessly traveling the festival circuit without ever getting a distributor. That\'92s why I tell prospective producers that my work has a simple commercial trajectory: if a top sales agent (like the ones I have \
good relationships with) takes it to Berlin or Cannes or Venice, its originality will wow juries or buyers, and its topicality\'97along with my being an American, making films with both an American and a universal voice\'97will lead to North American distribution. And if your films get North American distribution, they\'92ll get distribution pretty much everywhere else. \
\
And once my work is made and people begin to see it, there will be no barriers to it. Because I\'92m making art for 
\i people
\i0 \'97not films composed of dots and dashes and bursts of Stockhausen. I\'92m making art that is about people\'92s lives now, speaking to people in words they can understand yet taking them to an aesthetic realm their spirit will immediately recognize and appreciate. \
\
So, I refuse to accept that because my films aren\'92t \'93like\'94 the ones Hollywood or the American independent movement makes\'97or even \'93like\'94 a majority of current European films\'97they are \'93uncommercial.\'94 It\'92s a canard to think human beings can\'92t be completely blown away by a one-character film in which there is a flood of language and very little camera movement. Who can 
\i prove
\i0  they can\'92t? Is there any 
\i evidence
\i0  they can\'92t? It\'92s just like the moment before there were no personal computers. No one then necessarily thought PCs would become as useful to us as they have\'97but because PCs proved to be so serviceable, we embraced them. In the same way, I\'92m making art 
\i for
\i0  people, that 
\i serves
\i0  people. 
\i And art that serves people is the most commercial work of all\'85\

\i0 \
      \
\
\
\
}  \d0\
 