{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Trebuchet MS;}{\f1\fmodern\fprq1\fcharset0 Courier New;}{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f3\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f4\fnil\fcharset2 Symbol;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green0\blue0;\red0\green128\blue0;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green0\blue255;\red128\green0\blue0;}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.15.1507;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\cf1\lang3081\b\f0\fs36 Oblivion.dll v3.1.1 coded by Zynastor\cf0\fs32\par
\fs24 Updates available at http://www.bwhacks.com\par
For Starcraft/Brood War 1.15.3\par
\cf2\fs20 Release date: \b0 September 22nd, 2008\cf3\fs18\par
\cf0\b\par
\par
\ul\fs24 1. General Information\ulnone\b0\fs18\par
\par
\cf2\b Quick Reference of Hotkeys\par
\cf0\par
- In-Game\par
\cf4 F5\cf1\b0\tab\cf0\tab Toggle lag defender on/off. (Removes lag box screen)\par
\cf4\b F6\cf1\b0\tab\cf0\tab Use zerg mineral hack exploit on selected larva, hydralisk or mutalisk.\par
\cf4\b Ctrl\cf5  \cf2 + \cf4 F6\cf1\b0\tab\cf0 Use zerg building recycle exploit on selected hatchery, lair, spire or creep colony.\par
\cf4\b F7\cf0\b0\tab\tab Carry out last build command on selected worker. (Useful for stacking maps)\par
\cf4\b F8\cf0\b0\tab\tab Add/Remove unit for auto queue.\par
\cf4\b Ctrl \cf2 +\cf4  F8\cf0\b0\tab Remove all units for auto queue.\par
\cf4\b F9\cf0\b0\tab\tab Toggle global auto queue on/off.\par
\cf4\b Ctrl\cf5  \cf2 +\cf5  \cf4 F9\cf0\b0\tab Toggle subunit auto queue on/off.\par
\cf4\b F11\cf6\b0\tab\cf0\tab Toggle elapsed timer mode forwards.\par
\cf4\b Ctrl \cf2 +\cf5  \cf4 F11\cf0\b0\tab Toggle elapsed timer mode backwards.\par
\cf4\b F12\cf0\b0\tab\tab Toggle five-state stat hack forwards.\par
\cf4\b Ctrl\cf5  \cf2 +\cf5  \cf4 F12\cf0\b0\tab Toggle five-state stat hack backwards.\par
\cf4\b ~\cf5  \cf0 /\cf5  \cf4 Alt\cf7\b0\tab\tab\cf0 Select all units of the same type that are currently selected. (Excludes workers)\par
\cf4\b Ctrl\cf5  \cf2 +\cf5  \cf4 ~\cf5  \cf0 /\cf5  \cf4 Alt\cf7\b0\tab\cf0 Same as above but is used for workers and loaded transports/overlords.\par
\cf4\b Numpad 0\cf0\b0\tab Use the drone float exploit. (Continues as long as button is held)\par
\cf4\b Delete\cf7\tab\cf0\b0\tab Toggle in-game message log.\par
\cf4\b Ctrl\cf5  \cf2 + \cf4 Delete\cf7\tab\cf0\b0 Change page for message log.\par
\cf4\b Pause\cf7\tab\cf0\b0\tab Pause/Resume game.\par
\cf4\b Ctrl\cf5  \cf2 +\cf5  \cf4 F\cf0\b0\tab\tab Find and select idle worker.\par
\cf4\b Ctrl\cf5  \cf2 +\cf5  \cf4 R\cf0\b0\tab\tab Toggle auto repeat for any game action. (Move, upgrade, etc) \par
\cf4\b Ctrl\cf5  \cf2 +\cf5  \cf4 H\cf0\b0\tab\tab Command selected units to hold position.\par
\cf4\b Insert\cf5\b0\tab\cf0\tab Toggle three-state maphack forwards.\par
\cf4\b Ctrl \cf2 +\cf5  \cf4 Insert\cf0\b0\tab Toggle three-state maphack backwards.\par
\par
\b - Lobby\b0\par
\cf4\b Page Up \cf2 /\cf4  Down\tab\cf0\b0 Download status spoofer. (Increase / Decrease)\par
\par
\par
\cf2\b Quick Reference of Commands\cf0\par
\b0\par
\cf2\b - In-Game\par
\cf4 /unally \cf2 [num]\cf4  \cf0\b0\tab Unually player. (Useful for locked teams or once a player has left)\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\ri-1708\cf4\b /list\cf0\b0\tab\tab Show a list of players in the game with player id and race.\par
\cf4\b /xlist\cf0\b0\tab\tab Show players who have used zerg mineral hack, nuke anywhere and/or rally point hack.\cf2\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\cf4\b /kill\cf0\b0\tab\tab Kill selected workers.\par
\cf4\b /load\cf0\b0\tab\tab Load selected units into transports/overlords.\par
\cf4\b /rally\cf0\b0\tab\tab Restore all rally points to default.\par
\cf4\b /mining\cf0\b0\tab\tab Display how much workers you have mining minerals.\par
\par
\cf2\b - In-Game + Lobby\par
\cf4\lang1033 /autodrop\cf0\b0\tab Toggle auto-drop for mineral/nuke/rally hackers on/off. (Default: on)\cf2\lang3081\b\par
\cf4 /mh \cf2 [num]\tab\cf0\b0 Set maphack state. (1=off,  2=lite, 3=full)\par
\cf4\b /sh\tab\tab\cf0\b0 Toggle selection hack on/off.\par
\cf4\b /builda\tab\tab\cf0\b0 Toggle build anywhere on/off.\par
\cf4\b /warning\tab\cf0\b0 Toggle warning messages on/off.\par
\cf4\b /apm\tab\tab\cf0\b0 Toggle on-screen apm counter on/off.\cf2\b\par
\cf4 /tclicks\tab\tab\cf0\b0 Toggle maphack target clicks on/off.\par
\cf4\b /frepeat\tab\tab\cf0\b0 Toggle faster repeat on/off. (Used with Ctrl+R to speed it up)\par
\cf4\b /automine\tab\cf0\b0 Toggle worker auto mine on/off.\par
\cf4\b /unitalert\cf5\b0\tab\cf0 Toggle unit alert on/off.\par
\cf4\b /nukealert\cf5\b0\tab\cf0 Toggle nuclear missile alert on/off.\par
\cf4\b /dropalert\cf5\b0\tab\cf0 Toggle dropship alert on/off.\par
\cf4\b /autounally\tab\cf0\b0 Toggle auto unally on/off.\par
\cf4\b /actlog\tab\cf0\b0\tab Toggle in-game action logger on/off.\par
\par
\b - \cf2 Channel\cf0\b0\par
\cf4\b /spoof \cf2 [name]\tab\cf0\b0 Spoof a custom name. (Supports color)\par
\cf4\b /spoof \cf2 [num]\tab\cf0\b0 Spoof a saved name from list. (1 to 5)\par
\cf4\b /sn \cf2 [num]\tab\cf0\b0 Save spoof name to list. (1 to 5)\par
\cf4\b /dn \cf2 [num]\tab\cf0\b0 Delete spoof name from list. (1 to 5)\par
\cf4\b /ln\tab\cf0\b0\tab List saved spoof names.\par
\cf4\b /rn\tab\cf0\b0\tab Restore current spoof name to original name.\par
\cf4\b /cn\tab\cf0\b0\tab Display current spoof name.\par
\cf4\b /ar\tab\cf0\b0\tab Toggle auto respoof on/off. (Default on)\par
\cf4\b /home\cf2\tab\tab\cf0\b0 Join home channel. (Set home channel in Oblivion.ini)\par
\cf4\b /uptime\cf2\tab\tab\cf0\b0 Display current system and Oblivion uptime.\par
\par
\cf2\b - Global\cf0\b0\par
\cf4\b /r\cf2  [msg]\tab\tab\b0 Reply\cf0  back to the last person who messaged you.\par
\cf4\b /wb\cf2  [msg]\tab\cf0\b0 Whisper back to the last person that you messaged.\par
\b\par
\par
Other Features\par
\b0\par
\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-720\li720\cf7\lang1033 Drophack protection with counter drop for ZDropHack method.\cf0\lang3081\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Drophack detection with auto-drop for another method of drophack. (This is not protection)\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Start a game without any opponents.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Stay in game even after being defeated.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Auto refresher for hosted game. (game is refreshed every 5 seconds)\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Slot unlocker for lobby. (Remove computer player(s) and go them yourself)\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}In-game system and elapsed timers.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Show map download status at all times.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Save screenshots as bitmap's rather than PCX.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Build anywhere on just about any terrain. (Vision must be off in UMS map)\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Selection hack with mass select hotkey.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Maphack with safe clicks and state hack.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Nuclear missile alert with map ping on nuke attempt. (Not launch)\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Dropship alert on unload with map ping.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Ally alert with auto unally/unvision.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Configurable unit alert. (only alerts on enemy units)\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Zerg mineral hack with auto cancel, crash protection and user detection. (Alerts once)\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Nuke anywhere hack detection with auto-drop. (Alerts once)\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Rally point changer hack detection with auto-drop. (Alerts once)\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Carrier/Reaver subunit crash protection with detection.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}In-game message log thats holds upto 32 messages.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Channel, lobby and in-game chat logger.\par
\cf2{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Automatically re-queue units. (Auto queue)\cf0\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Automatically create a worker on map begin.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Automatically mine minerals on map begin.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Automatically mine minerals on unit create.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Automatically gain lobby ops. (Host hack)\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Alliance menu player names are in ally status color.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Lag screen box timer always set to 1 second. (safe quick drop)\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}On-screen worker idle detection.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Show enemy minimap pings.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Minimap pings are in player color. (Yellow is unknown/default)\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Player colored minimap pings.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Name spoofer with temp ip ban protection.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Auto join home channel on battle.net login.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Remove warning messages. (Unit unplaceable)\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Sprite crash protection. (Protects against invalid sprites)\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Bypass anti-hack protection when connecting to battle.net.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\par
\par
\b Name Spoofer Codes\par
\par
\cf4\\B\b0\tab\cf2 Blue.\par
\cf4\b\\G\b0\tab\cf2 Green.\par
\cf4\b\\L\b0\tab\cf2 Light Green.\par
\cf4\b\\D\b0\tab\cf2 Dark Grey. (Later text cannot be changed)\par
\cf4\b\\W\b0\tab\cf2 White.\par
\cf4\b\\R\b0\tab\cf2 Red.\par
\cf4\b\\I\b0\tab\cf2 Invisible/Black.\par
\cf4\b\\T\b0\tab\cf2 Tab.\par
\cf4\b\\C\b0\tab\cf2 Center justify.\par
\cf4\b\\V\b0\tab\cf2 Right justify.\par
\par
\cf0\par
\ul\b\fs24 2. Detailed Information\cf2\ulnone\b0\fs18\par
\cf0\ul\b\fs24\par
\cf6\ulnone\fs18 Safe Mode\par
\cf2\b0 This will automatically disable several features in Oblivion to make it fully undetectable to programs such as BWChart. Safe mode disables Stay alive, Drone float, Zerg mineral hack exploit, Zerg \cf0 building recycle\cf2  exploit, Maphack target clicks, Auto build, Auto mine, Auto queue, Selection hack and Restore rally points command.\par
\cf0\ul\b\fs24\par
\cf6\ulnone\fs18 Zerg Mineral Hack Exploit\par
\cf2\b0 Provides you with 514 minerals each time this exploit is used on Larva, Hydralisk or Mutalisk, it may also have different effects on the game when used in UMS games. This also comes with auto cancel and crash protection for units that were never cancelled and hatched.\par
\par
\cf6\b Zerg Building Recycle Exploit\par
\cf2\b0 Gives you back a drone when used on a Hatchery, Lair, Spire or Creep Colony. You will require 514 minerals + mutating cost to use this exploit, but you will only gain some of your resources back when canceled.\par
\par
\cf6\b Selection Hack\par
\cf2\b0 Allows you to group and select up to 252 units or buildings of the same type and displays an on-screen unit counter when selecting over 12 units. Use the mass select hotkey \cf4\b ~ \cf0\b0 / \cf4\b Alt \cf2\b0 to select all units of the same type that you have currently selected.\cf0\b\par
\par
\cf6 Auto Queue\par
\cf2\b0 Automatically re-queues units once their built, you can add/remove units for \cf0 auto queue\cf2  by using the hotkey \cf4\b F8\cf5  \cf2\b0 or \cf4\b Ctrl\cf7  \cf2 +\cf7  \cf4 F8\cf7  \cf2\b0 to remove all units\cf0 . \cf2 To toggle on/off global \cf0 auto queue for all buildings use the hotkey \cf4\b F9 \cf2\b0 and for Subunit \cf0 auto queue use the hotkey\cf2  \cf4\b Ctrl\cf7  \cf2 +\cf7  \cf4 F9\cf2\b0 , if toggled on Scarabs/Interceptors will begin construction immediately until full and will replenish any lost units in combat.\par
\par
\cf6\b Maphack\cf0\par
\b0 This maphack includes safe clicks (client-sided clicks), state hack (view pylon power radius, unit content, upgrades, researches, summonings, energy, build queue) and has three different modes which are full, lite and off, these modes can be toggled using the \cf4\b /mh \cf0\b0 command or the hotkeys\cf4\b  Insert \cf0\b0 or \cf4\b Ctrl\cf0\b0  + \cf4\b Insert\cf0\b0 . However it is still possible for maphack to be detected through invisible target clicks (right clicks), so this feature has been disabled by default and can be toggled on with the \cf4\b /tclicks \cf0\b0 command.\par
\par
\cf6\b Name Spoofer\cf0\b0\par
Comes with temp ip ban protection and will allow you to spoof a name of your choice that is 24 characters or less, use the command \cf4\b /spoof \cf0\b0 in a channel followed by the name you want. To add color to your name use the escape sequence character ' \\ ' followed by a color code found under \b Name Spoofer Codes\b0 . It is important to know when spoofing a name if you win or lose it will result in a disconnect on your record, this is no bug and cannot be fixed. Heres an example on how to add color to your name, "/spoof \\RZyna\\Bstor" this will show your name as "<Red>\cf3 Zyna\cf0 <Blue>\cf6 stor\cf0 ".\par
\b\par
\ul\fs24\par
3. History\par
\par
\ulnone\fs18 Version 3.1.1b\par
\b0 - Improved the auto-drop feature.\par
- Fixed a crash bug with unally command.\par
- Fixed several other minor bugs.\par
\ul\b\fs24\par
\ulnone\fs18 Version 3.1.1\par
\b0 - Converted to new starcraft patch v1.15.3.\par
- Added auto-drop for zerg mineral hackers.\par
- Added sprite crash protection.\par
- Removed nuke anywhere.\par
- Fixed a bug with nuke anywhere alert.\par
- Fixed a crash bug with selection hack.\par
- Counter drop for drophack protection is now always on.\par
\ul\b\fs24\par
\ulnone\fs18 Version 3.1.0\par
\b0 - Added drophack detection with auto-drop for another method of drophack.\par
- Fixed a bug with auto-drop when using nuke anywhere.\par
\ul\b\fs24\par
\ulnone\fs18 Version 3.0.9\par
\b0 - Added drop hack protection and counter drop for ZDropHack method.\par
- Added configuration option and toggle command for auto-drop feature.\par
- Added nuke anywhere hack with toggle command.\par
- Improved the auto-drop feature.\par
- Removed show selects hack since it was buggy.\par
\ul\b\fs24\par
\ulnone\fs18 Version 3.0.8\par
\b0 - Added an extra page to message log allowing it to hold another 16 messages.\par
- Added show selects with color and toggle command.\par
- Added don\rquote t unselect units when vision is lost.\par
- Added unally player command.\par
- Added new stay alive hack to allow defeat box to show up.\par
- Added configuration option for remove warning messages.\par
- Removed anti-hack fix for various maps.\par
- Fixed a bug with selection hack when drag selecting using shift key.\par
- Selection hack unit counter now works on buildings.\par
\ul\b\fs24\par
\ulnone\fs18 Version 3.0.7c\par
\b0 - Added configuration option for anti-hack fix.\b\par
\b0 - Fixed a bug with on-screen actions per minute counter.\par
- Fixed several other minor bugs.\ul\b\fs24\par
\par
\ulnone\fs18 Version 3.0.7b\par
\b0 - Added anti-hack fix for various maps that caused you to drop.\ul\b\fs24\par
\par
\ulnone\fs18 Version 3.0.7\par
\b0 - Added quick reply/whisper back commands.\par
- Added auto repeat for any game action and command to speed it up.\par
- Added carry out last build command on selected worker.\par
- Added carrier/reaver subunit crash protection and detection.\par
- Added on-screen actions per minute counter.\par
- Changed stat hack average minerals/gas from per second to per minute.\b\par
\b0 - Changed game refresher to auto and removed hotkey.\par
- Changed hold command to a hotkey.\par
- Removed don't unselect units when vision is lost to fix a crash bug.\par
- Fixed maphack safe clicks so other visable selections are recorded into replays.\par
- Fixed a bug with auto name spoof. (v3.0.5+)\par
- Fixed a bug with bmp screenshots. (v3.0.5+)\par
- Fixed a bug with in-game clock am/pm display.\par
- In-Game clock and timer will always be shown.\par
- In-Game timer will stop when game is paused or lagging.\ul\b\fs24\par
\par
\ulnone\fs18 Version 3.0.6\par
\b0 - Added slot unlocker for lobby.\par
- Added don\rquote t unselect units when vision is lost.\par
- Added automatic transport loading command for selected units. \par
- Added mass selection for loaded transports/overlords and restriction for workers.\par
- Added nuke anywhere hack detection with auto-drop.\par
- Added rally point changer hack detection with auto-drop.\par
- Added real working lobby refresh hack.\par
- Changed zlist command to xlist and added detection for 2 more hacks.\par
- Fixed a crash bug when entering a game.\par
\ul\b\fs24\par
\ulnone\fs18 Version 3.0.5\par
\b0 - Converted to new starcraft patch v1.15.2.\par
- Added name delete command for name spoofer.\par
- Added show player rally points to stats hack.\par
- Removed drop hack protection and counter drop.\par
\ul\b\fs24\par
\ulnone\fs18 Version 3.0.4\par
\b0 - Added oblivion safe mode feature.\par
- Added name saving to name spoofer.\b\par
\b0 - Added configuration option for selection hack.\par
- Fixed a bug with selection hack.\par
- Fixed several other minor bugs.\ul\b\fs24\par
\par
\ulnone\fs18 Version 3.0.3\par
\b0 - Added zerg building recycle exploit.\par
- Added zerg mineral hack exploit detection.\par
- Added view pylon power radius to state hack.\b\par
\b0 - Fixed a crash bug with selection hack when adding units to a group.\ul\b\fs24\par
\par
\ulnone\fs18 Version 3.0.2c\par
\b0 - Fixed a minor bug caused from v3.0.2b update.\ul\b\fs24\par
\par
\ulnone\fs18 Version 3.0.2b\par
\b0 - Added toggle command for warning messages.\par
- Fixed a bug with chat logger when disabled.\par
- Fixed a bug with selection hack counter not showing.\ul\b\fs24\par
\par
\ulnone\fs18 Version 3.0.2\par
\b0 - Added selection hack with mass select hotkey.\par
- Added build anywhere on any terrain for stacking UMS maps.\par
- Added hotkey to pause/resume game.\par
- Added configuration option for auto build.\par
- Added configuration option for 1 sec lag box timer hack.\par
- Removed multicommand.\par
- Fixed a crash bug with chat logger.\par
- Fixed a crash bug with message log.\par
- Fixed a bug with message log not working in replays.\par
- Automine now works in UMS maps.\par
- Subunit auto queue is now on by default in UMS maps.\ul\b\fs24\par
\par
\ulnone\fs18 Version 3.0.1b\par
\b0 - Fixed a bug with automine on create.\b\par
\b0 - Fixed a crash bug with hold command.\par
- Fixed a crash bug with mining command.\par
\ul\b\fs24\par
\ulnone\fs18 Version 3.0.1\par
\b0 - Added show enemy minimap pings.\par
- Added player colored minimap pings.\par
- Added worker mining count command.\par
- Added multicommand stay on mode.\par
- Fixed a crash bug with dropship alert.\f1\fs20\par
\ul\b\f0\fs24\par
\ulnone\fs18 Version 3.0.0b\par
\b0 - Added sound when toggling multicommand.\par
- Fixed a crash bug when pausing the game.\ul\b\fs24\par
\par
\ulnone\fs18 Version 3.0.0\b0\par
- New version of Oblivion for patch 1.15.1.\par
\par
\b\par
\ul\fs24 4. Contact and Credits\ulnone\b0\fs18\par
\cf2\par
\b Credits\b0\par
Kc - Helping out with various things.\par
Palomino - Various source codes and auto queue.\par
PizzaPan - From Game-Deception for PEB module hiding.\par
\b\par
Require help or want to report a bug with Oblivion?\par
Contact Zynastor at \b0 zynastor@hotmail.com \b or goto \cf0\b0 http://www.bwhacks.com\par
\par
\b Where can I send donations to the creator of Oblivion?\par
PayPal: \cf2\b0 zynastor@hotmail.com\cf0\par
\cf2\b\par
Copyright \'a9 2008 by Zynastor. All rights reserved.\par
Starcraft/Brood War Copyright \'a9 by Blizzard Entertainment\'ae.\cf0\b0\f2\fs20\par
\pard\f3\par
}
   	0
0a921
+h\3