{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf320
{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;\f1\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier-Oblique;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 Herculanum;\f4\fnil\fcharset0 Baskerville;\f5\fnil\fcharset0 Chalkduster;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f0\fs36 \cf0 \
                       -
\f1\i  Chapter Seven -
\f2 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\sl336\slmult1\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
                            
\f3\i0\fs48 In the valley of the Thresholder \
\

\f4\fs36 \
\

\f0 A perfectly constructed camp fire lit up the surrounding dense scrubland in the deepest realm of Megalong Valley casting punctuated light across the face of a man who sat before it, as he hugged his knees against his chest and chewed on a stick absentmindedly. His own air of darkness made him almost invisible as he sat there wrapped up in a long coal-coloured duffle coat that covered black, mud-stained jeans and almost touched the top of heavy Blundstone boots. Longish dark, unkept hair fell around clearly defined features and a 10 day growth morphing into a beard did it's best to conceal what was clearly a handsome face. His whole countenance showcased his stance as an outsider to the establishment's manifesto on grooming or indeed how a man of 33 should look.\
Were it not for his eyes, he would have been the very picture of a human black hole, sucking in all that was formless, but those eyes were blue like an Icelandic healing lagoon. Herein was the paradox of Raife Dylan, his eyes gave away what his appearance tried to hide; that this was a soul not only far from darkness, but one who felt too much about everything, like a signpost to compassion on overdrive. \
He sat there in silence, but deep in thought as his hands conducted a long stick to poke the fire to it's full potential. His hands were not the hands of someone so readily seen outdoors or indeed crafting a perfect camp fire.They were perhaps the kind you would have seen on a person fit for a career as a pianist or a jeweller, but his manual dexterity was evident should anything need to be created from thin air with limited resources. He had a particular ability to mould anything in his physical environment to his will and that evening he had managed to secure for himself an effective one man alcove constructed from pieces of cardboard, large strips of bark and chicken wire. \
Of course he could have been safely on his back looking at a ceiling fan in a one bedroom house in the nearby village, but the night sky had long been his canopy of choice, ever since he had been a small boy. He loved the expansiveness of the sky and the unbridled sense of freedom it instilled in him, a feeling that he believed was every human's birthright. The night sky was for him what all the channels on a T.V were for everyone else; seductive, addictive and entertaining. As a boy, he had always felt that everyone who had ever lived and had now passed away lived on as a star above the living, like some kind of guiding light force. At least that was what he had hoped ever since the early loss of one of the most respected Imaginers ever to live; his beloved mother, Alicia. \
\
As he lay there contemplating his troubled history, he heard the sound of feet crushing earth and flora nearby. He jumped to his feet suddenly, alert for a potential confrontation. He knew that Dreamshapers had been seen in the Valley during the last few days, which was why he had moved himself into the belly of the bush to protect the most powerful entry point to The Dreamhelm in the Valley. That was his job and the task of all Thresholders; to protect the portals from The Dreamshapers who used their dark intent and Imaginings to corrupt portal entry points and sabotage the purity of the experience for the next Imaginer. If the Imaginer was new, weaker in mind, or just too naive and unprotected, they could be at best, brainwashed by the Dreamshapers or worse, open to soul theft; a part of them taken by The Dreamshapers forever back to the The Shadowmaker himself.\
Raife had seen this many times over his life and in particular as a Thresholder, often taking it upon himself to rescue young Imaginers and make the dangerous attempt to retrieve their stolen souls. This was more often a completely unachievable task for any Thresholder, once a part of a soul was gone, it was gone; a Thresholder was there to make sure it just didn't happen at ALL. Raife however had somehow acquired a reputation beyond his peers through unprecedented courage to enter the Dark Marshlands himself and retrieve the missing piece of an Imaginer and then through some kind of access to arcane knowledge, work out how to make whole the broken soul. It was for this reason he was nicknamed 
\f1\i The Catcher
\f0\i0 , although some older Imaginers feared his almost supernatural abilities and thought that he must be slightly possessed by The Shadowmaker himself to have the ability to outsmart him and privately deemed him in their ancient tongue, 
\f1\i Asarla\'ed
\f0\i0  - The Sorcerer.\
Raife was now completely upstanding  and ready to switch into fight mode once he identified the source of the disturbance. He carried no visible weapon as it would be of no use in this fight to have a sword, a baton or any of the other usual tools of self-defence. All Dreamshapers had gone beyond the need for weapons other than than the dark use of their minds. To combat a Dreamshaper, one must possess optimum control over their own mind, body and the surrounding material world to have any chance against them. They also travelled in packs as most cowards do to feel a power they were unable to find within themselves. They were lethal nonetheless, as they usually preyed on those who were alone and they had mastered the art of a silent approach, taking their victims quickly before they could even prepare themselves for defence.\
\
As Raife readied himself he heard a voice say, "Relax brother, it's just me\'85
\f1\i God
\f0\i0 ". Raife let his guard down when he saw Gordon making his way through the bush towards him holding a minuscule torch and promptly told him off for sneaking up like a Shaper on him.\
"Just keeping you on your toes brother", said Gordon mischievously. "So how about some of whatever that hot drink is that you've got going there?" asked Gordon as he pointed to the kettle on the fire and grabbed a cup from Raife's things before waiting for an answer. Raife was used to Gordon's irreverent manner and when combined with his profound sense of self-importance, it always had Raife incredulous and yet deeply amused as well, he had nicknamed him 
\f1\i God 
\f0\i0 as a consequence. Gordon held out his cup to Raife with a silent demand for a drink. He was always consuming something, food, drinks, information, other people's mannerisms. Gordon consumed life at a rate that was hard to keep up with and yet was the very thing that made his company so completely and utterly addictive and enjoyable. He was like a walking one-man band, able to make any sound from his mouth like a crazy Lyre bird and able to get a musical sound out of anything that was in his immediate environment. He was walking entertainment and was forgiven almost anything because of it, even his maddening habit of mentioning the elephant in the room when everyone just wanted to pretend something wasn't really happening.\
\
Gordon had "adopted" Raife when he was 10 years old after spying on Raife for several years prior and hunting him like some kind of wild life he had planned on killing, but had decided to keep as a pet. Raife had fascinated Gordon the moment he had seen him wandering the Mountain regions in ways that only his own people knew. How was it that this outsider could know the land the way his father's fathers had known? Had he been initiated in the ways of his ancestors? When Gordon discovered that he was also an Imaginer, he became obsessed with finding out everything about this lone wolf who lived in caves and under the night sky like his family had. The day he discovered that he was not only a Thresholder, but the most notorious and bravest ever known amongst the Imaginers, Raife became the world for Gordon and filled the gaps for the fatherless and curious boy.\
Raife poured Gordon a billy tea and threw him a rug as they both settled back into a comfortable position next to the fire. \
"So what's happening God? You know it's not safe to be cruising through the bush at the moment with The Shapers about, especially at night." \
"I've got a message brother, from your lady", said Gordon trying to have a dig at Raife about his emotional ambivalence towards Dana.\
"And who is that?" asked Raife feigning ignorance.\
"Dana, brother, Dana, who else?" he said impatiently. "She wants me to give you this", he said as he handed Raife the note Dana had given him.\
Raife took the note, giving Gordon a seething stare for his last comment. After reading it, he quickly jumped to his feet and stamped on the fire, putting it out in half a minute and grabbing Gordon as he pulled him in amongst some bushes. \
"What's going on? What's happening?" asked Gordon with an out-of-character anxiety in his voice.\
"In a nutshell God, it appears that 
\f1\i The Lightbearer 
\f0\i0 has finally been found" Raife whispered, "I'm guessing that the Shapers are onto it too and are closing in to try and locate her".\
"
\f1\i The Lightbearer
\f0\i0 ?" asked Gordon\
"I can't say too much here God, the trees have ears so to speak, all i can say is that 
\f1\i The Lightbearer 
\f0\i0 is the one that surely you must have been told of, who can put an end to The ShadowMaker himself. Seems like she has been sourced and i now must do everything i can to protect her, 
\f1\i everything. 
\f0\i0 It is what i was put here to do.
\f1\i "\

\f0\i0 "Who is it though?" asked Gordon\
"I don't know yet, Dana will know, but we must 
\f1\i never
\f0\i0  speak her full name unless we want to just hand her right over to the ShadowMaker right now." \
Raife paused as he huddled underneath the branches of tree. He pulled a long key chain from his pocket that had every kind of device attached to it and turned on a small torch for a bit of light. He pulled a pencil from his top pocket and a note pad and wrote a message to Dana that said:\

\f1\i \

\f5\i0 The Paragon Cafe tomorrow \
11am \
x\
r\

\f0 \
\
"Where is she now God?" \
"Who? Dana?"\
Raife nodded. \
"She's in the car with Hero up the top waiting for me".\
"Ok, take this to her and watch your back. Send me a 
\f1\i Coo-\'e8\'e8
\f0\i0  when you've made it to the top. If i don't hear you in 30 minutes, I'm coming up to find you, but I really don't want to leave the entry point here if I can help it, it's not safe enough".\
"Ok brother, i'll be safe so don't sweat it" said Gordon with his usual nonchalance and self-belief. \
The two Imaginers smacked their hands together and held them palm to palm for a moment, "Keep safe God", said Raife, like a concerned father watching his son take his first trip abroad.\
"I'm invisible brother" said Gordon with a cheeky grin and he made his way into the darkness, leaving Raife to huddle under the blanket, alone in the dark valley.\
\
When Gordon made it out of the Valley, he turned around and cupped his mouth into a loud 
\f1\i Coo-\'e8\'e8,
\f0\i0  that echoed across the Valley and no doubt down to Raife as a sign of reassurance that Gordon was safely back up the top. Dana saw him walking towards her and she tried to compose herself and the disappointment that she felt when she saw that he was alone. He opened the door of the car and jumped in, handing Dana the note from Raife in one uninterrupted gesture. He noticed that her eyes were glistening and knew that she was holding back tears. Gordon made a mental note for the 400th time in his lifetime, that he would never understand adults and why they couldn't just get out of their own way when it came to happiness.\
Dana read the note and her entire being shifted gears to ecstatic when she realised that the next day, at 11am, she would be seeing Raife at The Paragon in Katoomba. She put on her favourite playlist of songs for the drive back, a soundtrack she had created for the movie she had in her head of a potential future for her and Raife.} 
z-ªñ}0pi0%3'\0