{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1 \deff48\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f19\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0603020202030204}Univers;}
{\f48\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}Times New Roman (Printer);}{\f49\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}Boldface PS;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;
\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\widctlpar\adjustright \f48\fs20 \snext0 Normal;}{\s1\sb240\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f19\ul \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 1;}{\s2\sb120\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f19 \sbasedon0 \snext0 
heading 2;}{\s3\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f49 \sbasedon0 \snext15 heading 3;}{\s4\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \f49\ul \sbasedon0 \snext15 heading 4;}{\s5\li720\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f49\fs20 \sbasedon0 \snext15 heading 5;}{
\s6\li720\widctlpar\adjustright \f49\fs20\ul \sbasedon0 \snext15 heading 6;}{\s7\li720\widctlpar\adjustright \i\f49\fs20 \sbasedon0 \snext15 heading 7;}{\s8\li720\widctlpar\adjustright \i\f49\fs20 \sbasedon0 \snext15 heading 8;}{
\s9\li720\widctlpar\adjustright \i\f49\fs20 \sbasedon0 \snext15 heading 9;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}{\s15\li720\widctlpar\adjustright \f48\fs20 \sbasedon0 \snext15 Normal Indent;}{\s16\widctlpar\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640\adjustright 
\f48\fs20 \sbasedon0 \snext16 footer;}{\s17\widctlpar\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640\adjustright \f48\fs20 \sbasedon0 \snext17 header;}{\s18\widctlpar\adjustright \f48\fs20 \sbasedon0 \snext18 footnote text;}{\s19\widctlpar\adjustright \f48\fs20 
\sbasedon0 \snext19 endnote text;}{\s20\fi1080\ri1440\widctlpar\adjustright \f48\fs20 \sbasedon0 \snext20 Body Text 2;}{\s21\fi720\ri1440\widctlpar\adjustright \f48\fs20 \sbasedon0 \snext21 Body Text Indent 2;}}{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid-936581964
\listsimple{\listlevel\levelnfc0\leveljc0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext\'03(\'00);}{\levelnumbers\'02;}\fbias0 \fi-360\li1080\jclisttab\tx1080 }{\listname ;}\listid385568415}}{\*\listoverridetable
{\listoverride\listid385568415\listoverridecount0\ls1}}{\info{\title annex b to 28 oplan 32-1}{\author Pre-installed User}{\operator Pre-installed User}{\creatim\yr1998\mo10\dy15\hr14\min36}{\revtim\yr1999\mo4\dy15\hr2\min2}
{\printim\yr1999\mo4\dy15\hr1\min58}{\version6}{\edmins14}{\nofpages2}{\nofwords714}{\nofchars4071}{\*\company Pre-installed Company}{\nofcharsws0}{\vern113}}\margl1080\margr1080\margt994\margb994 
\deftab360\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\hyphhotz0\noextrasprl\prcolbl\cvmme\sprsspbf\brkfrm\swpbdr\hyphcaps0\fracwidth\viewkind1\viewscale100 \fet0\sectd \linex0\sectdefaultcl {\header \pard\plain \s17\li5472\widctlpar\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640\adjustright 
\f48\fs20 {\f0 Headquarters, 28th Bomb Wing (ACC)
\par Ellsworth AFB, South Dakota  57706-5000
\par 15 Apr 1999
\par }{
\par }}{\footer \pard\plain \s16\qc\widctlpar\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640\adjustright \f48\fs20 {B - }{\field{\*\fldinst {page }}{\fldrslt {\lang1024 1}}}{
\par }}{\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}
{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \qj\ri1080\widctlpar\adjustright \f48\fs20 {\ul ANNEX B TO 28 BW OPLAN 32-1}{
\par NATURAL DISASTERS
\par }\pard \qj\ri1440\widctlpar\adjustright {
\par }\pard \ri1440\widctlpar\adjustright {REFERENCES:  See Basic Plan
\par 
\par 1.  }{\ul SITUATION:}{  Ellsworth AFB natural disaster threats are from high winds, hail, fires, floods, tornadoes, and blizzards.  Extensive damage could result from natural phenomena.  Ellsworth AFB may be directed or requested to fu
rnish emergency aid to civilian communities which have suffered severe damage resulting from a natural disaster.
\par 
\par 2.  }{\ul PRIMARY FORCES:}{  See Basic Plan.
\par 
\par 3.  }{\ul ASSUMPTIONS: 
\par }{
\par }\pard \ri1440\widctlpar\tx270\adjustright {\tab a.  Natural disasters can occur with little or no warning.
\par }\pard \ri1440\widctlpar\adjustright {
\par }\pard \fi360\ri1440\widctlpar\adjustright {b.  Natural disasters can create emergency conditions that vary widely in scope, urgency, and degree of damage and destruction.
\par }\pard \ri1440\widctlpar\adjustright {
\par }\pard \fi360\ri1440\widctlpar\adjustright {c.  Base personnel know the meaning of the alert warning system and the actions to take under disaster conditions.
\par }\pard \ri1440\widctlpar\adjustright {
\par }\pard \fi360\ri1440\widctlpar\adjustright {d.  The Ellsworth Battle Staff and unit control centers will be activated upon implementation of this annex.
\par }\pard \ri1440\widctlpar\adjustright {
\par 4.  }{\ul MISSION:}{  To provide adequate protection of Air Force resources, maintain the mission capabilities, restore essential base functions, relieve suffering and care for survivors, m
inimize the loss of life, and assist (within capabilities) civil communities.
\par 
\par 5.  }{\ul EXECUTION:}{
\par 
\par }\pard \fi360\ri1440\widctlpar\adjustright {a.  Concepts of operations:
\par }\pard \ri1440\widctlpar\adjustright {\tab 
\par }\pard \fi360\li360\ri1440\widctlpar\adjustright {(1)  This annex will be implemented if any of the following conditions exist:
\par }\pard \ri1440\widctlpar\adjustright {
\par }\pard\plain \s20\fi1080\ri1440\widctlpar\adjustright \f48\fs20 (a)  Major Disaster - Presidential declaration under the Disaster Relief Act of 1974 and a request for disaster 
assistance is received from Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) through the USAF Office of National Security Emergency Preparedness (AFNSEP/EP) consistent with defense priorities.
\par \pard\plain \ri1440\widctlpar\adjustright \f48\fs20 {
\par }\pard\plain \s20\fi1080\ri1440\widctlpar\adjustright \f48\fs20 (b)  Emergencies - If the President declares an emergency and FEMA requests military assistance through AFNSEP/EP.
\par \pard\plain \ri1440\widctlpar\adjustright \f48\fs20 {
\par }\pard\plain \s20\fi1080\ri1440\widctlpar\adjustright \f48\fs20 (c)  Imminently Serious Condition - Installation commander determines if immediate action is necessary to save 
human life, prevent human suffering, or mitigate destruction of or damage to property.  The commander provides assistance as justified under the circumstances.  Subsequently, contact will be made with AFNSEP/EP.
\par \pard\plain \ri1440\widctlpar\adjustright \f48\fs20 {\tab 
\par }\pard \fi360\li360\ri1440\widctlpar\adjustright {(2)  The Disaster Response Force (DRF) will be used (if necessary) to cope with natural disasters and direct recovery operations.
\par }\pard \ri1440\widctlpar\adjustright {
\par }\pard\plain \s21\fi720\ri1440\widctlpar\adjustright \f48\fs20 (3)  Unit personnel will be recalled for additional manpower to support natural disaster relief operations.
\par \pard\plain \ri1440\widctlpar\adjustright \f48\fs20 {
\par }\pard \fi360\li360\ri1440\widctlpar\adjustright {(4)  Reporting procedures will be IAW AFMAN 10-206 and AFI 32-4051.
\par }\pard \ri1440\widctlpar\adjustright {\tab 
\par }\pard \fi360\ri1440\widctlpar\adjustright {b.  Tasks:
\par }\pard \ri1440\widctlpar\adjustright {
\par }\pard \fi360\li360\ri1440\widctlpar\adjustright {(1)The Weather Support Flight will provide weather warnings and advisories IAW EAFBI 
\par }\pard \ri1440\widctlpar\adjustright {15-101.
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s21\fi720\ri1440\widctlpar\adjustright \f48\fs20 (2)  The Operations Group Commanders will implement procedures for protecting, securing, and evacuating aircraft 
and equipment.  Additionally they will provide hangar space or other protection for high value resources.  
\par \pard\plain \ri1440\widctlpar\adjustright \f48\fs20 {
\par }\pard \fi360\li360\ri1440\widctlpar\adjustright {(3)  Additional taskings are listed in Appendix 1 to this annex.
\par }\pard \ri1440\widctlpar\adjustright {
\par 6.  }{\ul ADMINISTRATION AND LOGISTICS:}{
\par 
\par }\pard \fi360\ri1440\widctlpar\adjustright {a.  Administration:  The base will support nat
ural disaster operations with existing resources.  Only those resources required to maintain the capability execute the primary military mission will be withheld.  All other resources, including those used to support administrative, training, and other su
pport activities, will be made available as required.
\par }\pard \ri1440\widctlpar\adjustright {
\par }\pard\plain \s21\fi720\ri1440\widctlpar\adjustright \f48\fs20 (1) Military Support to Civil Defense (MSCD) and Land Defense of CONUS (LDC) mission designators 
authorizing Air Force participation in disaster relief efforts will come from the Office of AFNSEP/EP, Ft. McPherson GA, DSN 367-4342, commercial 1-800-366-0051 or (404) 752-4342.  (Use the DSN number if after duty hours.)
\par \pard\plain \ri1440\widctlpar\adjustright \f48\fs20 {
\par }\pard \fi720\ri1440\widctlpar\adjustright {(2) When the installation commander approves military assistance for local authorities, disaster preparedness will send a Tempest Rapid R
eport through the command post requesting authorization and receive a mission number from AFNSEP/EP, Ft McPherson GA.  Tempest Rapid reports should be sent to AFNSEP/EP Ft. McPherson GA.
\par }\pard \ri1440\widctlpar\adjustright {
\par }\pard \fi360\ri1440\widctlpar\adjustright {b.  Logistics:  Tasked agencies and all control centers will develop checklists to support this annex and Appendix 2.  Checklists must be coordinated through Disaster Preparedness prior to implementation.
\par }\pard \ri1440\widctlpar\adjustright {
\par }\pard \fi360\ri1440\widctlpar\adjustright {c.  Normal budgeting does not allow for the costs incurred in an incident covered by this annex. Costs incurred must b
e identified to allow for reimbursement.  This is accomplished by the use of an Emergency Special Program (ESP) code on all supply issues, special orders, and work orders issued by Civil Engineers.  Failure to use the ESP code will cause the costs incurre
d
 to be absorbed by the using organization.  Agencies providing assistance in support of a civil response must account for all supplies, materials, and services for which the Air Force can be reimbursed.  A listing of all expended materials and supplies wi
ll be provided to the Accounting and Finance Office upon termination of the response.
\par }\pard \ri1440\widctlpar\adjustright {
\par 7.  }{\ul COMMAND AND COMMUNICATIONS:}{  See Basic Plan.
\par 
\par APPENDICES:
\par 
\par 1.  Natural Disaster Response Actions
\par 
\par 2.  Military Assistance to Civil Authorities
\par 
\par 3.  Tornado/Severe Weather Conditions
\par 
\par 4.  Natural Disaster Shelters
\par 
\par 5.  Evacuation of Base Personnel\tab 
\par }}   9\0'1
"h