{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1 \deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;
\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}{\s15\widctlpar\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640\adjustright \fs20 \sbasedon0 \snext15 footer;}{\s16\widctlpar
\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640\adjustright \fs20 \sbasedon0 \snext16 header;}{\s17\qj\widctlpar\tx450\adjustright \fs20 \sbasedon0 \snext17 Body Text;}}{\info{\title appendix 2 to annex b to 28 bw oplan}{\subject 32-1}{\author Pre-installed User}
{\operator Pre-installed User}{\creatim\yr1998\mo10\dy15\hr14\min36}{\revtim\yr1999\mo3\dy15\hr21\min34}{\printim\yr1999\mo3\dy15\hr21\min33}{\version5}{\edmins4}{\nofpages3}{\nofwords878}{\nofchars5006}{\*\company Pre-installed Company}{\nofcharsws0}
{\vern113}}\margl1080\margr1080 \deftab360\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noextrasprl\prcolbl\cvmme\sprsspbf\brkfrm\swpbdr\hyphcaps0\fracwidth\viewkind1\viewscale100 \fet0\sectd \linex0\endnhere\sectdefaultcl {\header \pard\plain \s16\widctlpar
\tqr\tx5040\adjustright \fs20 {\tab \tab Headquarters, 28th Bomb Wing (ACC)
\par \tab \tab Ellsworth AFB, South Dakota 57706-5000
\par \tab \tab 15 Apr 1999 
\par }}{\footer \pard\plain \s15\widctlpar\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640\adjustright \fs20 {\tab B - 2 - }{\field{\*\fldinst {PAGE}}{\fldrslt {\lang1024 1}}}{
\par }}{\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}
{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \widctlpar\adjustright \fs20 {
\par 
\par }{\ul APPENDIX 2 TO ANNEX B TO 28 BW OPLAN 32-1}{
\par MILITARY SUPPORT TO CIVIL AUTHORITIES (MSCA)
\par 
\par }\pard \qj\widctlpar\adjustright {1.  }{\ul SITUATION:}{
  Emergency assistance to civilian communities may be necessary in the aftermath of a natural disaster.  Ellsworth AFB may be directed or requested to help in the recovery effort by providing resources and/or personnel.
\par 
\par 2.  }{\ul MISSION:}{  To support natural disaster relief operations in civilian communities upon direction of higher headquarters or request of the community.  Mission requirements will be considered when providing this assistance.
\par 
\par }\pard \qj\fi360\widctlpar\adjustright {a.  Forces Employed:
\par }\pard \qj\widctlpar\adjustright {
\par }\pard\plain \s17\qj\widctlpar\tx450\adjustright \fs20 {\tab \tab (1)  \tab AF National Security Emergency Prepa
redness Division (AFNSEP):  This agency directs and monitors Air Force resources used in natural disaster relief operations.  The division validates assistance requests and issues mission designators for official deployment of USAF assets.
\par }\pard\plain \qj\widctlpar\tx450\adjustright \fs20 {
\par }\pard\plain \s17\qj\widctlpar\tx450\adjustright \fs20 {\tab \tab (2)   The US Army Forces Command serves as the DoD Executive Agent for MSCA.
\par }\pard\plain \qj\widctlpar\tx450\adjustright \fs20 {
\par \tab b.  Assumptions:
\par 
\par \tab \tab (1)  \tab Air Force assistance will be provided only when the resources of city, county, and state governments have been exhausted.
\par 
\par \tab \tab (2)  \tab AFNSEP will direct Ellsworth AFB to support natural disaster relief operations within our area of responsibility.
\par 
\par \tab \tab (3) \tab Life-saving measures, property protection, and other actions to alleviate human suffering will be provided as directed by 28 BW/CC.
\par 
\par 3.  }{\ul EXECUTION: }{ 
\par 
\par \tab a.  Concept of Operations:
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s17\qj\widctlpar\tx450\adjustright \fs20 {\tab \tab 
(1)  The primary responsibility for minimizing the effects of a natural disaster rests with individuals, families, private industry, and local and state governments.  The American Red Cross and various other nonmilitary federal agencies may 
also be employed.\tab 
\par }\pard\plain \qj\widctlpar\tx450\adjustright \fs20 {
\par \tab \tab (2)  \tab Primary considerations must be to protect and restore essential mission assets, then assist local communities when directed or requested.  The resources committed to natural disaster relief operations must be consistent with def
ense priorities.
\par 
\par \tab \tab (3) \tab All support provided during natural disaster relief operations will be coordinated through the AF National Security Emergency Preparedness Division.  Any assistance rendered to a local community shall be on a cost reimbursable basi
s but assistance should not be delayed or denied in the absence of a reimbursable commitment.
\par 
\par \tab \tab (4) \tab Resources will be committed to off-base disaster operations only when civil resources are not adequate to cope with the situation and then only in minimum quantities.
\par 
\par \tab \tab (5)  \tab Air Force resources will not be used to restore or rehabilitate civil property or areas damaged or destroyed except when directed by the appropriate authority.
\par 
\par \tab b.  Tasks:  Actions are not necessarily sequential but all tasks must be considered.
\par 
\par 
\par \tab 
\par \tab ACTION\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab OPR
\par 
\par }\pard \widctlpar\tx450\adjustright {\tab \tab (1)  \tab Provide assistance upon request from AF National Security Emergency\tab \tab \tab BW/CC
\par Preparedness Division.
\par 
\par \tab \tab (2) \tab Evaluate the situation and determine the degree of support Ellsworth\tab \tab \tab BW/CC
\par AFB will provide to civil authorities during imminently serious conditions.
\par 
\par \tab \tab (3)  \tab Provide emergency assistance to civil authorities when directed.\tab \tab \tab \tab BW/CC
\par 
\par \tab \tab (4)\tab Assume command of military forces responding to off-base disaster\tab \tab \tab OSC
\par relief operations.
\par 
\par \tab \tab (5) \tab Submit TEMPEST RAPID I and III reports.\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab BW/CP
\par 
\par \tab \tab (6)\tab Be the focal point for receiving civil requests for aid for referral to the \tab \tab \tab BW/CP
\par commander.
\par 
\par \tab \tab (7)\tab Coordinate civil requests for natural disaster relief operations with AFNSEP.\tab CES/CEX
\par \tab \tab 
\par \tab \tab (8)\tab Provide inputs for TEMPEST RAPID reports to the Command Post.\tab \tab \tab ALL DCG MEMBERS
\par \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab 
\par \tab \tab (9)\tab Assist in preparation of the final TEMPEST RAPID report if required.\tab \tab \tab CES/CEX
\par 
\par \tab \tab (10)\tab  Ensure all reimbursable costs incurred during disaster relief operations\tab \tab \tab BW/FM
\par are documented, bills prepared, and processed IAW DoD policy.
\par 
\par \tab \tab (11)\tab  Contact commanders and staff agency chiefs to assure proper\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab BW/FM
\par identifications and accounting are maintained for expenses incurred
\par and resources utilized.
\par 
\par \tab \tab (12)\tab  Prepare and submit claims for reimbursement.\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab BW/JA/ALL UNITS
\par \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab 
\par \tab \tab (13)\tab  Assist in the preparation of the TEMPEST RAPID report III.\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab BW/CP
\par 
\par \tab \tab (14)\tab  Dispatch Public Affairs personnel to the scene.\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab BW/PA
\par 
\par \tab \tab (15)\tab  Provide information to the news media concerning the utilization\tab \tab \tab \tab BW/PA
\par of AF resources.
\par 
\par \tab \tab (16)\tab  Maintain records of supplies, materials, services, etc.,  provided to\tab \tab \tab \tab UCCs
\par support of MSCA.
\par 
\par \tab \tab (17)\tab  Submit a daily summary of activities to the Command Post.\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab UCCs
\par 
\par \tab \tab (18)\tab  Forward requests for assistance, unless already covered in an existing\tab \tab \tab ALL UNITS
\par mutual aid agreement, to the Command Post.
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 4.  }{\ul LOGISTICS AND ADMINISTRATION:}{\tab 
\par 
\par \tab a.  Logistics:  When directed to assist civil authorities, only the res
ources necessary to conduct immediate wartime missions will be withheld.  Resources should be committed on a minimum quantity, minimum essential basis, and support should be terminated when no longer needed.
\par 
\par \tab b.  Administration:
\par 
\par \tab \tab (1)  Unit budgets do no
t include funds, nor have funds been reserved, for expenses incurred in support of disaster relief operations.  Commanders must initially absorb these costs.  If funding adjustments are necessary, a request must be submitted through command channels.  The
 capability to make funding adjustments is largely dependent upon the reimbursement received for the cost incurred.
\par 
\par \tab \tab (2)  Each agency will maintain detailed records of expenses incurred and resources utilized for natural disaster relief operations.  Categories are as follows:
\par 
\par \tab \tab \tab (a)  Additionally hired civilians.
\par 
\par \tab \tab \tab (b)  Travel and per diem of Air Force and civilian personnel.
\par 
\par \tab \tab \tab (c)  Civilian overtime.
\par 
\par \tab \tab \tab (d)  Cost of supplies.
\par 
\par \tab \tab \tab (e)  Transportation of supplies, personnel, and materiel.
\par 
\par \tab \tab \tab (f)  Cost of repairs to equipment.
\par 
\par \tab \tab \tab (g)  Cost of POL.
\par 
\par \tab \tab \tab (h)  Cost of lost or destroyed equipment and supplies.
\par 
\par 5.  }{\ul COMMAND AND COMMUNICATIONS:}{  
\par 
\par \tab a.  \tab Command:  When deployed to assist/support civil authorities, unit resources are under the command of the \tab 
\par designated OSC until civil relief is terminated.
\par 
\par \tab b.\tab Communications:  See Basic Plan.
\par }}  l3c9 
f