{\rtf1\ansi \deflang1033\deff0{\fonttbl
{\f0\fnil \fcharset0 \fprq2 Courier;}{\f1\fnil \fcharset0 \fprq2 Courier New;}{\f2\fnil \fcharset0 \fprq2 CG Times;}}{\colortbl
\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\stylesheet{\fs20 \snext0 Normal;}
{\*\cs1 \additive _Equation Ca;}
{\*\cs2 \additive caption;}
{\*\cs3 \additive toa heading;}
{\*\cs4 \additive index 2;}
{\*\cs5 \additive index 1;}
{\*\cs6 \additive toc 9;}
{\*\cs7 \additive toc 8;}
{\*\cs8 \additive toc 7;}
{\*\cs9 \additive toc 6;}
{\*\cs10 \additive toc 5;}
{\*\cs11 \additive toc 4;}
{\*\cs12 \additive toc 3;}
{\*\cs13 \additive toc 2;}
{\*\cs14 \additive toc 1;}
{\*\cs15 \additive Paragraph 8;}
{\*\cs16 \additive Paragraph 7;}
{\*\cs17 \additive Paragraph 6;}
{\*\cs18 \additive Paragraph 5;}
{\*\cs19 \additive Paragraph 4;}
{\*\cs20 \additive Paragraph 3;}
{\*\cs21 \additive Paragraph 2;}
{\*\cs22 \additive Paragraph 1;}
{\*\cs23 \additive\fs22 MACNormal;}
{\*\cs24 \additive tocx;}
{\*\cs25 \additive Bullets;}
{\*\cs26 \additive\fs29 Headings;}
{\*\cs27 \additive\fs20 Timesheet;}
{\*\cs28 \additive toc6;}
{\*\cs29 \additive Technical 8;}
{\*\cs30 \additive Technical 7;}
{\*\cs31 \additive Technical 1;}
{\*\cs32 \additive Technical 4;}
{\*\cs33 \additive Technical 3;}
{\*\cs34 \additive Technical 2;}
{\*\cs35 \additive Technical 6;}
{\*\cs36 \additive Technical 5;}
{\*\cs37 \additive Tech Init;}
{\*\cs38 \additive Doc Init;}
{\*\cs39 \additive Document 1;}
{\*\cs40 \additive Right Par 8;}
{\*\cs41 \additive Right Par 7;}
{\*\cs42 \additive Right Par 6;}
{\*\cs43 \additive Right Par 5;}
{\*\cs44 \additive Right Par 4;}
{\*\cs45 \additive Right Par 3;}
{\*\cs46 \additive Document 3;}
{\*\cs47 \additive Right Par 2;}
{\*\cs48 \additive Right Par 1;}
{\*\cs49 \additive Bibliogrphy;}
{\*\cs50 \additive Document 7;}
{\*\cs51 \additive Document 2;}
{\*\cs52 \additive Document 5;}
{\*\cs53 \additive Document 6;}
{\*\cs54 \additive Document 4;}
{\*\cs55 \additive Document 8;}
{\*\cs56 \additive Letterhead;}
{\*\cs57 \additive BookPldg;}
{\*\cs58 \additive DutchPldg;}
{\*\cs59 \additive PPCColumns;}
{\*\cs60 \additive BookPldg2;}
{\*\cs61 \additive DutchPldg2;}
{\*\cs62 \additive toc5;}
{\*\cs63 \additive Pleading;}
{\*\cs64 \additive toc1;}
{\*\cs65 \additive toc4;}
{\*\cs66 \additive toc3;}
{\*\cs67 \additive toc2;}
{\*\cs68 \additive footer;}
{\*\cs69 \additive header;}
{\*\cs70 \additive 1;}
{\*\cs71 \additive footnote ref;}
{\*\cs72 \additive footnote tex;}
{\*\cs73 \additive endnote refe;}
{\*\cs74 \additive endnote text;}
{\*\cs75 \additive Default Para;}
}{\info{\title  IN THE UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT                                }{\author Heath A. Sanders}{\operator Heath A. Sanders}
}
\margl1440\margr1440\ftnbj\ftnrestart\aftnnar \sectd \sbknone\pgnx6120\pgny15120\titlepg 
{\*\pnseclvl1\pndec\pnstart1{\pntxta .}}
{\*\pnseclvl2\pnlcltr\pnstart1{\pntxta .}}
{\*\pnseclvl3\pnlcrm\pnstart1{\pntxta .}}
{\*\pnseclvl4\pndec\pnstart1{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}
{\*\pnseclvl5\pnlcltr\pnstart1{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}
{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcrm\pnstart1{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}
{\*\pnseclvl7\pndec\pnstart1{\pntxta .}}
{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1{\pntxta .}}
{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1}

\pard \qc\sl0\tx0\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360 
{\plain \f2\fs22 }{\plain \b\f2\fs26 UNITED  STATES  DISTRICT  COURT\par
}\pard \qc\sl0\tx0\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360 
{\plain \b\f2\fs26 NORTHERN  DISTRICT  OF  ALABAMA\par
}\pard \qc\sl0\tx0\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360 
{\plain \b\f2\fs26 Southern Division}{\plain \f2\fs22 \par
}\pard \qj\sl0\tx0\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360 
{\plain \f2\fs22 \par
}{\plain \f2\fs22 __________________________________________\par
}\pard \qc\sl0\tx0\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360 
{\plain \f2\fs22 )\par
}\pard \sl0\tx0\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360 
{\plain \f2\fs22 IN RE SILICONE GEL BREAST\tab )\tab CASE NO. CV 92-P-10000-S\par
}\pard \sl0\tx0\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360 
{\plain \f2\fs22 IMPLANTS PRODUCTS LIABILITY\tab )\par
}\pard \sl0\tx0\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360 
{\plain \f2\fs22 LITIGATION (MDL-926)\tab )\tab (This document applies to all\par
}\pard \qc\sl0\tx0\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360 
{\plain \f2\fs22 )\tab cases)\par
}\pard \sl0\tx0\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360 
{\plain \f2\fs22 __________________________________________\tab )\par
}\pard \sl0\tx0\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360 
{\plain \f2\fs22 \par
}{\plain \f2\fs22 \par
}\pard \sl0\tx0\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360 
{\plain \b\f2\fs22 \tab ORDER No. 30\par
}\pard \sl0\tx0\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360 
{\plain \f2\fs22 \tab (Pretrial and Revised Case Management Order)\par
}\pard \sl0\tx0\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360 
{\plain \f2\fs22 \par
}{\plain \f2\fs22 \par
}\pard \sl480\tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360 
{\plain \f2\fs22 \tab In view of the recent remand or transfer of a substantial number of breast implant cases, and in 
anticipation of further remands and transfers, this Court, in accordance with \'a7 31.133 of the }{\plain \i\f2\fs22 Manual for 
Complex Litigation, Third}{\plain \f2\fs22 , and after consulting with and receiving suggestions from the parties,{\super \chftn {\footnote \pard \qj\tx0\tx432\tx864\tx1296\tx1728\tx2160\tx2592\tx3024\tx3456\tx3888\tx4320\tx4752\tx5184\tx5616\tx6048\tx6480\tx6912\tx7344\tx7776 
{\plain \super\f2 \chftn }{}{\plain \f2\fs22 }{\plain \f2\fs17      .  Although this order has been developed through a process of consultation and suggestions, it should not be viewed as an 
\'93agreed\'94 order.  The Court has entered this order under the authority of Fed. R. Civ. P. 16, and plaintiffs or defendants may 
disagree with some portions of the order, particularly with respect to the description of certain earlier orders.  These abbreviated 
descriptions should not be understood as modifying the basis on which such orders were entered.}}}
}{\plain \f2\fs22  is 
entering this Order to chronicle the proceedings, summarize significant rulings, outline issues remaining 
for discovery and trial, and indicate the nature and expected duration of further pretrial proceedings that 
are likely to be needed after remand or transfer or in preparing for additional remands and transfers.\par
}{\plain \f2\fs22 \tab This order supplements\'97and, in the event of inconsistency, supersedes\'97prior orders entered in CV92-P-10000-S (the master file for MDL 926), and applies to all breast implant cases that are now pending in 
or may later be filed in, removed to, or transferred to this Court.  Upon remand of cases to other federal 
or state courts (or upon transfer to other federal courts under 28 U.S.C. \'a7 1404 or \'a7 1406), the terms of 
this order will continue to apply in such cases except to the extent modified, for good cause shown, by such 
courts.{\super \chftn {\footnote \pard \qj\tx0\tx432\tx864\tx1296\tx1728\tx2160\tx2592\tx3024\tx3456\tx3888\tx4320\tx4752\tx5184\tx5616\tx6048\tx6480\tx6912\tx7344\tx7776 
{\plain \super\f2 \chftn }{}{\plain \f2\fs22 }{\plain \f2\fs17      .  Although transferor courts have the power after remand, subject to comity and \'93law of the case\'94 considerations, to modify 
or vacate rulings by the MDL transferee judge, this power should, as indicated in }{\plain \i\f2\fs17 MCL 3rd}{\plain \f2\fs17  \'a7 31.133, be sparingly exercised.}}}
}{\plain \f2\fs22   This order should also be treated as a supplemental order in those cases that have been recently 
remanded or transferred.\par
}\sect \sectd \sbknone\margbsxn864\titlepg 
{\*\pnseclvl1\pndec\pnstart1{\pntxta .}}
{\*\pnseclvl2\pnlcltr\pnstart1{\pntxta .}}
{\*\pnseclvl3\pnlcrm\pnstart1{\pntxta .}}
{\*\pnseclvl4\pndec\pnstart1{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}
{\*\pnseclvl5\pnlcltr\pnstart1{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}
{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcrm\pnstart1{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}
{\*\pnseclvl7\pndec\pnstart1{\pntxta .}}
{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1{\pntxta .}}
{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1}

\pard \tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360
{\plain \f2\fs22 \tab 1.\tab }{\plain \b\f2\fs22 Summary of Proceedings}{\plain \f2\fs22 .  On June 26, 1992, the Judicial Panel for Multidistrict Litigation 
(\'93JPMDL\'94) transferred 78 federal breast implant cases to the Northern District of Alabama (the \'93transferee 
court\'94) under 28 U.S.C. \'a7 1407.  }{\plain \i\f2\fs22 In re: Silicone Gel Breast Implants Products Liability Litigation (MDL 
926)}{\plain \f2\fs22 , 793 F. Supp. 1098 (J.P.M.D.L. 1992).  Since that original order, the JPMDL has entered more than 
eighty Conditional Transfer Orders or other transfer orders, resulting in transfer of approximately 20,000 
cases to this court.  Some cases transferred by the JPMDL had been initially filed in a federal district court 
(the \'93transferor court\'94); others had been removed to a transferor court from a state court.{\super \chftn {\footnote \pard \qj\tx0\tx432\tx864\tx1296\tx1728\tx2160\tx2592\tx3024\tx3456\tx3888\tx4320\tx4752\tx5184\tx5616\tx6048\tx6480\tx6912\tx7344\tx7776 
{\plain \super\f2 \chftn }{}{\plain \f2\fs22 }{\plain \f2\fs17      .  Some additional cases initially were either filed in the Northern District of Alabama, removed to this court from Alabama 
state courts, or transferred directly to this court under 28 U.S.C. \'a7 1404 from other federal courts without going through the 
JPMDL.}}}
}{\plain \f2\fs22   A relatively 
small number of cases\'97less than 1,000\'97have already, on the suggestion of this court, been remanded by 
the JPMDL back to transferor courts or have been remanded by this court to state courts or have been 
transferred by this court to other federal courts under 28 U.S.C. \'a7 1404 or \'a7 1406.  Of the approximately 
20,000 cases that remain pending in this court, many are ready, or nearing readiness, for remand to a 
transferor court or to a state court, or for a transfer to another federal court.  For convenience, the term 
\'93Remand Court\'94 will be used in this order to refer not only to a federal or state court to which a case may 
be remanded, but also to a federal court to which a case may be transferred under \'a7 1404 or \'a7 1406.\par
}{\plain \f2\fs22 \par
}{\plain \f2\fs22 \tab On September 1, 1994, a class settlement was approved under Fed. R. Civ. P. 23(b)(3), with opt-out 
rights, in the }{\plain \i\f2\fs22 Lindsey }{\plain \f2\fs22 case.  However, because of the amount of claims that would potentially be approved 
under the criteria of that settlement and because of Dow Corning\'92s bankruptcy proceedings, the Court on 
December 22, 1995,  approved the dissemination of notification of new opt-out rights and of the terms of 
a revised settlement program affecting claims against certain of the defendants.  Class members have been 
advised of their \'93opt-out\'94 rights relating to this revised settlement program; but, unless and until they 
exercise such rights, they are precluded from instituting or pursuing claims against the companies and 
persons named as settling defendants or released parties under the global settlement agreement (or the 
revised settlement program). The terms of this order do not affect the terms of this revised settlement 
program. \par
}{\plain \f2\fs22 \par
}{\plain \f2\fs22 \tab As indicated in \'b6 6 below, further proceedings in many cases, as well as the institution of new 
litigation by others, have been barred in whole or in part either because of claims against the Mentor 
defendants, the Bioplasty defendants, or Dow Corning, or because the plaintiffs were participants in a class 
settlement.  However, with the availability of  new opt-out rights that commenced December 1, 1995, more 
pending cases will soon become ready for remand or transfer.  Also, the Court expects that, after exercise 
of these new opt-out rights, there could be a substantial number of new cases filed in state and federal 
courts, many of which may be transferred to this court.\par
}{\plain \f2\fs22 \par
}{\plain \f2\fs22 \tab 2.\tab }{\plain \b\f2\fs22 Conferences}{\plain \f2\fs22 .  This Court held its first conference in this litigation in July 1992. General status 
and pretrial conferences have been conducted approximately every two months, with numerous additiional 
conferences held to consider special problems and motions.  Major rulings resulting from these conferences 
have been incorporated into written orders.  However, from time to time, there have been clarifications 
and directions from the Court during these conferences that are not embodied in written orders.{\super \chftn {\footnote \pard \qj\tx0\tx432\tx864\tx1296\tx1728\tx2160\tx2592\tx3024\tx3456\tx3888\tx4320\tx4752\tx5184\tx5616\tx6048\tx6480\tx6912\tx7344\tx7776 
{\plain \super\f2 \chftn }{}{\plain \f2\fs22 }{\plain \f2\fs17      .  All major conferences have been recorded by a court reporter, and these transcripts can be obtained through Liaison 
Counsel.}}}
}{\plain \f2\fs22  \par
}{\plain \f2\fs22 \par
}{\plain \f2\fs22 \tab 3.\tab }{\plain \b\f2\fs22 Case Management Orders}{\plain \f2\fs22 .  The primary orders that have governed the pretrial management 
of MDL 926 are Order No. 1 (Initial Case Management Order), entered June 26, 1992; Order No. 5 
(Revised Case Management Order), entered September 15, 1992; and Order No. 7, entered October 6, 
1992. Some provisions of these orders\'97particularly those relating to the time for conducting and 
completing discovery\'97have been modified from time to time, and the Court has entered some additional 
case management orders relating to particular subjects, }{\plain \i\f2\fs22 e.g.}{\plain \f2\fs22 , Order No. 11 relating to scheduling and 
conducting depositions.\par
}{\plain \f2\fs22 \par
}\pard \li450\tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360 
{\plain \f2\fs22 \tab (a)\tab }{\plain \b\f2\fs22 Representative Counsel}{\plain \f2\fs22 .  The Court has appointed and assigned certain responsibilities 
to Liaison Counsel for Plaintiffs, to Liaison Counsel for Defendants, and to a 17-member Plaintiffs' 
Steering Committee (\'93PSC\'94).\par
}\pard \tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360
{\plain \f2\fs22 \par
}\pard \li450\tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360 
{\plain \f2\fs22 \tab (b)\tab }{\plain \b\f2\fs22 Master File}{\plain \f2\fs22 .  All orders, pleadings, motions, and other documents (except when not of 
general application) have been docketed and filed in a Master File, CV92-P-10000-S under the style, 
\'93In re Silicone Gel Breast Implants Products Liability Litigation (MDL-926).\'94  Orders and other 
documents so filed have been deemed as filed in each individual case to the extent applicable, but have 
not been separately docketed or physically filed in such individual case files except where there was 
a particular reason to do so.\par
}\pard \tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360
{\plain \f2\fs22 \par
}\pard \li450\tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360 
{\plain \f2\fs22 \tab (c)\tab }{\plain \b\f2\fs22 Preservation of Evidence}{\plain \f2\fs22 .  The parties have been directed by Orders No. 1 and 5 to 
preserve all documents and other research or exhibits potentially relevant to the subject matter of this 
litigation.  From time to time, this court has entered clarifications and addressed particular problems 
relating to preservation of evidence.\par
}\pard \tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360
{\plain \f2\fs22 \par
}\pard \li450\tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360 
{\plain \f2\fs22 \tab (d)\tab }{\plain \b\f2\fs22 Service of Process}{\plain \f2\fs22 .  At the Court\'92s urging, the national defendants agreed to accept service 
of process in breast implant cases if a copy of the summons and complaint was sent by certified mail, 
return receipt requested, to the person or address shown in Exhibit B of Order No. 5.  Such 
defendants' agreement to accept service of process applies to any case involving breast implant 
product liability claims filed in any federal district court or in any state court of general jurisdiction.\par
}\pard \tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360
{\plain \f2\fs22 \par
}\pard \li450\tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360 
{\plain \f2\fs22 \tab (e)\tab }{\plain \b\f2\fs22 Master/Sample Complaints}{\plain \f2\fs22 .  \par
}\pard \tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360
{\plain \f2\fs22 \par
}\pard \fi-900\li900\tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360 
{\plain \f2\fs22 \tab \tab \tab (1)\tab At the Court\'92s direction, the PSC filed in CV92-P-10000-S a Master Complaint (the 
operative version is styled \'93Amended Master Complaint\'94) containing allegations that would be 
suitable for incorporation by reference in individual cases, together with a sample complaint 
illustrating how allegations from the master complaint could be incorporated into an individual 
case.  In many cases, there will be only a simplified complaint, adopting by reference allegations 
from the master complaint.\par
}\pard \tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360
{\plain \f2\fs22 \par
}\pard \fi-900\li900\tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360 
{\plain \f2\fs22 \tab \tab \tab (2)\tab Allegations of the Amended Master Complaint are }{\plain \ulw\f2\fs22 not}{\plain \f2\fs22  deemed automatically 
included in any particular case.  However, to avoid possible problems with statutes of limitation 
or doctrines of repose, the Court ordered that a motion would be deemed to be made and be 
pending in each case (effective upon the case being filed in, removed to, or transferred to this 
court) to amend the complaint to add any potentially applicable claims and theories from the 
master complaint not contained in the complaint actually filed in that case.  If a plaintiff desires 
to add any such claims and theories, she should do so through a specific motion in her case filed 
within 60 days after any remand or transfer; otherwise this \'93deemed\'94 motion should be treated 
as withdrawn.\par
}\pard \tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360
{\plain \f2\fs22 \par
}\pard \fi-900\li900\tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360 
{\plain \f2\fs22 \tab \tab \tab (3)\tab In some cases, amendments to complaints will have been made before remand or 
transfer, which refine and limit the theories on which the plaintiff will proceed at trial.  In other 
cases, such amendments will be needed in the Remand Court before the case proceeds to trial.\par
}\pard \tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360
{\plain \f2\fs22 \par
}\pard \li450\tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360 
{\plain \f2\fs22 \tab (f)\tab }{\plain \b\f2\fs22 Master Answers}{\plain \f2\fs22 .   At the Court\'92s direction, each of the national defendants has filed in 
CV92-P-10000-S a Master Answer, incorporating its defenses in law or in fact to claims made against 
it in the various actions. The answers do not attempt to provide a cross reference to particular 
paragraphs or counts of the various complaints.  The answers do, in a \'93generic\'94 manner, admit or 
deny the allegations typically included in claims, as well as make additional allegations as are 
appropriate to the various claims and defenses.\par
}\pard \tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360
{\plain \f2\fs22 \par
}\pard \fi-900\li900\tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360 
{\plain \f2\fs22 \tab \tab \tab (1)\tab These Master Answers have been deemed by court order as automatically made by 
those defendants in each such case unless and until another answer is filed by that defendant, in 
which event the individually-filed answer (and not the Master Answer) should be treated as that 
defendant\'92s response to the complaint.\par
}\pard \tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360
{\plain \f2\fs22 \par
}\pard \fi-900\li900\tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360 
{\plain \f2\fs22 \tab \tab \tab (2)\tab In some cases, amendments to answers will have been made before remand or 
transfer that conform to the requirements of Fed. R. Civ. P. 8.  In other cases, such amendments 
may be needed in the Remand Court after the plaintiff\'92s complaint has been refined and before 
proceeding to trial.\par
}\pard \tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360
{\plain \f2\fs22 \par
}\pard \li450\tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360 
{\plain \f2\fs22 \tab (g)\tab }{\plain \b\f2\fs22 Additional Defendants}{\plain \f2\fs22 .  The Court has typically granted plaintiffs leave to amend 
complaints to add defendants, without addressing whether or not these amendments would \'93relate 
back\'94 or would be subject to a defense based on statutes of limitation or repose.\par
}\pard \tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360
{\plain \f2\fs22 \par
}\pard \fi-900\li900\tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360 
{\plain \f2\fs22 \tab \tab \tab (1)\tab In ruling on whether any such amendments are barred by statutes of limitation or 
repose, Remand Courts will need to determine when particular plaintiffs \'93opted out\'94 of certain 
federal class actions, most particularly the }{\plain \i\f2\fs22 Dante}{\plain \f2\fs22  and }{\plain \i\f2\fs22 Lindsey}{\plain \f2\fs22  class actions.  It should be noted 
that whether statutes of limitation and repose resume running 30 days or 6 months after a person 
opts out of the }{\plain \i\f2\fs22 Lindsey }{\plain \f2\fs22 class settlement will depend on when that opt-out right is exercised.\par
}\pard \tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360
{\plain \f2\fs22 \par
}\pard \fi-900\li900\tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360 
{\plain \f2\fs22 \tab \tab \tab (2)\tab In granting a plaintiff\'92s motion to remand a case to state court (or to suggest to the 
JPMDL remand to a federal transferor court), this Court has generally required that the plaintiff 
indicate there are no further defendants to be added.  While a Remand Court would have the 
power to allow addition of a defendant after remand or transfer, this power should be exercised 
sparingly and only for good cause shown.\par
}\pard \tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360
{\plain \f2\fs22 \par
}\pard \li450\tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360 
{\plain \f2\fs22 \tab (h)\tab }{\plain \b\f2\fs22 Multiple Plaintiffs}{\plain \f2\fs22 .  To consolidate filings and avoid unnecessary duplication and expense, 
plaintiffs were granted leave, without need for motion or order, to add other plaintiffs to any pending 
(or subsequently filed, removed, or transferred) case in this court if all plaintiffs in the case (1) were 
represented by the same counsel; (2) were suing the same defendants; and (3) were implanted in the 
same state.  The result has been that in some cases there may be a large number of plaintiffs.  Remand 
Courts will, after remand or transfer, need to consider in such cases the extent to which severance 
under Fed. R. Civ. P. 42 for further pretrial proceedings or for trial will be appropriate.\par
}\pard \tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360
{\plain \f2\fs22 \par
}{\plain \f2\fs22 \tab 4.\tab }{\plain \b\f2\fs22 Discovery}{\plain \f2\fs22 .  The basic principles that have governed the conduct of discovery were set forth in 
\'b6 7(a) of Order No. 5, but are repeated here as an aid in understanding some of the details that follow:  
(1) discovery should be conducted on the assumption that there may be a separate trial of each case (federal 
or state); (2) additional \'93true discovery\'94 will not be needed with respect to many potential witnesses who 
have previously testified in depositions or in trials; (3) video-taped depositions (which are also 
stenographically recorded) should be taken for potential use as trial testimony of all persons whose 
testimony will likely be needed in a number of trials, thereby enabling trials to be conducted in different 
courts at the same time without complications arising from unavailability of witnesses; (4) through use of 
a joint plaintiff-defendant federal-state library, all parties in any federal or state court should have quick 
and inexpensive access to, and the ability to retrieve, (A) all existing and future depositions, 
interrogatories, requests for admission, and trial transcripts in text-readable and searchable computer files 
and (B) all potentially relevant documents from the defendants and other sources that are likely to be used 
during depositions or at trial in more than a single case; (5) claims of confidentiality and use of \'93protective\'94 
orders restricting use of materials should be kept to an absolute minimum; (6) some discovery will be 
\'93national\'94 in scope (}{\plain \i\f2\fs22 i.e.}{\plain \f2\fs22 , potentially needed in various cases throughout the country), while other discovery 
will be \'93regional\'94 (}{\plain \i\f2\fs22 e.g.}{\plain \f2\fs22 , depositions from plastic surgeons performing numerous implants) and still other 
discovery will be \'93case-specific\'94 (}{\plain \i\f2\fs22 e.g.}{\plain \f2\fs22 , depositions of plaintiffs and their treating or examining physicians); 
(7) the plan should be designed to accommodate coordinated, cost-efficient discovery in both federal and 
state courts; and (8), in order to minimize unnecessary burdens and expense of redundant discovery, parties 
should not submit document requests, interrogatories, requests for admission, and notices of depositions 
without first determining that the materials are not available in the library or are inadequate.\par
}{\plain \f2\fs22 \par
}\pard \li450\tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360 
{\plain \f2\fs22 \tab (a)\tab }{\plain \b\f2\fs22 Documents}{\plain \f2\fs22 .\par
}\pard \tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360
{\plain \f2\fs22 \par
}\pard \fi-900\li900\tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360 
{\plain \f2\fs22 \tab \tab \tab (1)\tab }{\plain \b\f2\fs22 Joint Document Depository}{\plain \f2\fs22 .  A national document depository, maintained at the 
joint expense of the PSC and the national defendants, is located in the federal courthouse in 
Cincinnati, Ohio.  The depository houses documents, transcripts, videotapes, and other materials 
produced by the defendants and third-parties in the litigation.  It is accessible to both federal and 
state court litigants, including counsel involved in related insurance coverage litigation, as well 
as to nonlitigants.  Directed to produce \'93all potentially relevant documents,\'94 the national 
defendants have to date produced over nine million pages of documents.  This document 
discovery, begun in mid-1992, is now, for all practical purposes, substantially complete, though 
there is continuing production of some currently-created documents and there are a few 
remaining disputes regarding production of particular documents, primarily relating to claims 
of privilege or work-product protection and certain on-going studies.  With few exceptions, the 
documents in the depository can be viewed and copied by any interested person; relatively few 
documents are subject to any protective order restricting copying, use, or disclosure.\par
}\pard \tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360
{\plain \f2\fs22 \par
}\pard \fi-1440\li1440\tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360 
{\plain \f2\fs22 \tab \tab \tab \tab (A)\tab }{\plain \b\f2\fs22 Racine Warehouse}{\plain \f2\fs22 .  Bristol-Myers maintains a large warehouse of documents 
from the Medical Engineering defendants in Racine, Wisconsin.  The warehouse contains 
documents from a number of related companies and entities, including Natural Y Surgical 
Specialties, Aesthetech, Markham Medical, Surgitek, Medical Engineering, and related 
successor companies.  The PSC reviewed the warehoused documents and selected a large 
number of documents to be sent to the Cincinnati document depository; these documents 
have been Bates-numbered, copied, and inventoried.  There are thousands of additional 
documents in the Racine warehouse that are not in the Cincinnati depository; but it is 
unlikely that any litigant will need to review these documents.\par
}\pard \tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360
{\plain \f2\fs22 \par
}\pard \fi-1440\li1440\tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360 
{\plain \f2\fs22 \tab \tab \tab \tab (B)\tab }{\plain \b\f2\fs22 Documents Obtained by Subpoena}{\plain \f2\fs22 .  Also available in the depository are 
documents obtained by the PSC through subpoenas to third-parties, }{\plain \i\f2\fs22 e.g.}{\plain \f2\fs22 , the Food and 
Drug Administration, the American Society of Plastic & Reconstructive Surgeons, and the 
Health Industry Manufacturers Association.  Given the documents produced to the 
depository by the FDA, there should be little reason for FOIA requests to the FDA.\par
}\pard \tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360
{\plain \f2\fs22 \par
}\pard \fi-1440\li1440\tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360 
{\plain \f2\fs22 \tab \tab \tab \tab (C)\tab }{\plain \b\f2\fs22 Documents Produced at Depositions of Former Employees}{\plain \f2\fs22 .  Certain former 
employees of defendants produced documents from their prior employment, pursuant to 
a subpoena duces tecum at their depositions.  These documents have been maintained in 
the depository and typically are identified by a letter prefix related to the witness's last 
name.\par
}\pard \tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360
{\plain \f2\fs22 \par
}\pard \fi-1440\li1440\tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360 
{\plain \f2\fs22 \tab \tab \tab \tab (D)\tab }{\plain \b\f2\fs22 Other Written Discovery Materials}{\plain \f2\fs22 .  In addition to the MDL document 
production, the PSC has obtained and submitted to the depository materials from other 
breast implant litigation, including state coordinated proceedings, such as the 
interrogatories and document production requests prepared by the California Plaintiffs' 
Steering Committee and the defendants\'92 responses to such requests.\par
}\pard \tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360
{\plain \f2\fs22 \par
}\pard \fi-1440\li1440\tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360 
{\plain \f2\fs22 \tab \tab \tab \tab (E)\tab }{\plain \b\f2\fs22 Trial Transcripts and Depositions}{\plain \f2\fs22 .  Also available at the depository are 
copies of trial transcripts of breast implant trials in state and federal courts, as well as 
depositions taken in such cases that might be of general interest, }{\plain \i\f2\fs22 e.g., }{\plain \f2\fs22 depositions of 
experts.  Keeping these transcripts and depositions current is a joint responsibility of the 
PSC, individual plaintiffs, and the national defendants.\par
}\pard \tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360
{\plain \f2\fs22 \par
}\pard \fi-900\li900\tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360 
{\plain \f2\fs22 \tab   \tab \tab (2)\tab }{\plain \b\f2\fs22 CD-ROM Disks}{\plain \f2\fs22 .  Most documents produced to the depository by the defendants 
have been \'93imaged\'94 and are available on CD-ROM disks, each of which contains approximately 
15,000 pages of documents (approximately 7 to 8 banker\'92s boxes).  In a sense, these 
disks\'97approximately 200 at the present time\'97constitute a traveling document depository since 
hard copies can be printed from the disks and the parties have stipulated that accurate printouts 
from these disks are to be treated as duplicates of the documents on file in the depository.  It 
should be noted that not every document produced to the depository has been so imaged.  In 
particular, some records that are likely to be very case-specific, such as Dow Corning lot-history 
records and pleadings, may not be on CD-ROM disks and may be available only at the 
Cincinnati depository.\par
}\pard \tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360
{\plain \f2\fs22 \par
}\pard \fi-900\li900\tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360 
{\plain \f2\fs22 \tab \tab \tab (3)\tab }{\plain \b\f2\fs22 Objective Indices and Catalogues}{\plain \f2\fs22 .  At the Court\'92s direction, the PSC has, at its 
expense, reviewed and coded documents produced to the Depository and prepared a 
computerized database that identifies by number and describes (in neutral words suitable for use 
by a court preparing a list of exhibits) the various documents produced to the Depository.  
(National defendants were provided an opportunity to indicate any disagreement as to the PSC\'92s 
coding of this data.)  This database captures such information as document Bates numbers; the 
apparent dates, authors, recipients, and carbon copies; a brief description of the document; and 
identifying information regarding its image on CD-ROM disks.  It should be noted that, as with 
certain documents not imaged on CD-ROM disks, some case-specific data has not been subjected 
to this review, coding, and computer data-entry by the PSC.\par
}\pard \tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360
{\plain \f2\fs22 \par
}\pard \fi-900\li900\tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360 
{\plain \f2\fs22 \tab \tab \tab The PSC has also prepared a catalog of CD-ROMs, documents, and databases.  This 
catalog details documents produced, including a description, the CD-ROM disks, and a list of 
the work product databases.  The PSC has also created an \'93MDL-926 Box Inventory: Master 
List of Boxes.\'94  This list may be the most definitive source as to what documents have been 
produced in this litigation and includes a list of boxes produced by the defendants, a list of boxes 
from the Racine production, a list of boxes produced by third-parties, and a list of documents 
produced at depositions of former employees.\par
}\pard \tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360
{\plain \f2\fs22 \par
}\pard \fi-900\li900\tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360 
{\plain \f2\fs22 \tab \tab \tab (4)\tab }{\plain \b\f2\fs22 Privilege and \'93Work Product\'94 Logs}{\plain \f2\fs22 .  In directing the defendants to produce all 
potentially relevant documents, the Court recognized that some documents would be privileged 
or protected by the \'93work product doctrine.\'94  In Orders No. 5 and 12, the defendants were 
directed to prepare and maintain a \'93privilege log,\'94 listing documents withheld, with sufficient 
identifying information to permit the parties to determine whether the claim of privilege or 
protection was appropriate.  Although most disputes regarding claims of privilege or work 
product protection have been resolved by this court or by state courts, there remain some 
disputes that will be ruled on by the Court over the coming months.  (The documents still in 
controversy are not believed to be sufficiently significant as to justify delay in completing case-specific discovery or in setting cases for trial.)\par
}\pard \tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360
{\plain \f2\fs22 \par
}\pard \fi-1440\li1440\tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360 
{\plain \f2\fs22 \tab \tab \tab \tab (A)\tab In ruling on claims of privilege or work-product, this Court has looked to the 
state laws that would be most restrictive on such claims.  The rationale for this approach 
is that, if a document would not be protected from disclosure under the laws of any state 
in which a party had been sued, then it would be ordered disclosed in cases from such 
jurisdiction, which in turn would moot arguments that the document might have been 
subject to protection under the laws of other states.\par
}\pard \tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360
{\plain \f2\fs22 \par
}\pard \fi-1440\li1440\tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360 
{\plain \f2\fs22 \tab \tab \tab \tab (B)\tab From the outset of this litigation, it has been clear that cooperation among 
counsel and parties was essential for the orderly and expeditious completion of pretrial 
proceedings.  Therefore, the Court has operated under the following general guidelines 
and urges the continuation of this practice upon remand or transfer: the communication, 
transmission, or dissemination of information among the Plaintiffs' counsel or among 
Defendants' counsel in the course of this litigation should not ordinarily be deemed a 
waiver of the attorney-client privilege, the protection afforded by the work product 
doctrine, the protections afforded to material prepared for litigation, or any other privilege 
to which a party may be entitled.  Any cooperative efforts, as described above, should not 
be used against any of the parties, be cited as purported evidence of conspiracy, wrongful 
action or wrongful conduct, or be communicated to the jury.  However, the mere 
exchange of information or documents between counsel shall not in itself render such 
information or documents privileged.  Nothing in this paragraph shall in any way affect 
the applicability of any privileges or protections against disclosure otherwise available 
under law.\par
}\pard \tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360
{\plain \f2\fs22 \par
}\pard \fi-1440\li1440\tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360 
{\plain \f2\fs22 \tab \tab \tab \tab (C)\tab One of the major disputes related to a claim of attorney-client and work-product protection involving certain reports prepared for Dow Corning by Griffin Bell, 
Esq.  This Court ruled that, for the most part, such documents were protected from 
disclosure under the laws of all states.  Given Dow Corning\'92s bankruptcy proceedings, any 
efforts to revisit this ruling would have to be addressed to the Bankruptcy Court in the 
Eastern District of Michigan.\par
}\pard \tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360
{\plain \f2\fs22 \par
}\pard \fi-900\li900\tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360 
{\plain \f2\fs22 \tab \tab \tab (5)\tab }{\plain \b\f2\fs22 Objections to Admissibility of Documents}{\plain \f2\fs22 .  To be separately transmitted to each 
Remand Court is a stipulation, with voluminous appendices, that should substantially reduce the 
time spent during trial in providing foundation evidence affecting the admissibility of documents 
produced to the depository.  In general, this stipulation serves both as an agreement to waive 
various possible objections to documents (such as \'93best evidence\'94, authentication, and business-records requirements) as indicated in the appendices and as deposition answers under Fed. R. 
Civ. P. 31 by defendants to questions affecting admissibility of the documents.  Courts and 
litigants should review carefully the terms of the stipulation to determine its scope, effect, and 
limitations; the description of the stipulation in this order is not intended to modify or alter the 
terms of the stipulation, which were carefully worked out over a period of many months.\par
}\pard \tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360
{\plain \f2\fs22 \par
}\pard \fi-1440\li1440\tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360 
{\plain \f2\fs22 \tab \tab \tab \tab (A)\tab It should be noted that the stipulation does not address, or attempt to preclude, 
objections under Federal Rules of Evidence 402 and 403, nor does it address when, during 
a trial, an otherwise admissible document should be received in evidence.\par
}\pard \tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360
{\plain \f2\fs22 \par
}\pard \fi-1440\li1440\tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360 
{\plain \f2\fs22 \tab \tab \tab \tab (B)\tab It should also be noted that the stipulation does not preclude a Remand Court 
from imposing additional requirements, such as through further pretrial order or under 
local rules, relating to listing of documents and preserved objections in advance of trial.\par
}\pard \tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360
{\plain \f2\fs22 \par
}\pard \fi-1440\li1440\tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360 
{\plain \f2\fs22 \tab \tab \tab \tab (C)\tab The stipulation, with appendices, will be provided to each Remand Court both 
in \'93hard copy\'94 and on a computer-disk.  Additionally, for convenient reference, a short-list will be prepared and provided that covers the documents most frequently offered at 
trial.\par
}\pard \tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360
{\plain \f2\fs22 \par
}\pard \li450\tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360 
{\plain \f2\fs22 \tab (b)\tab }{\plain \b\f2\fs22 The MDL Depositions}{\plain \f2\fs22 .  The basic principles governing the taking of depositions were set 
forth in \'b6 7(f) of Order No. 5 and in Order No. 11 (Deposition Guidelines), entered June 30, 1993.\par
}\pard \tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360
{\plain \f2\fs22 \par
}\pard \fi-900\li900\tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360 
{\plain \f2\fs22 \tab \tab \tab (1)\tab Hundreds of depositions have been conducted in accordance with these directives, 
and are available through the depository in hard copy, minuscript, ASCII disks, and videotape.  
There will be some additional depositions to be taken either by the PSC or the defendants, and, 
when taken, these will likewise be made available to all litigants.\par
}\pard \tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360
{\plain \f2\fs22 \par
}\pard \fi-900\li900\tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360 
{\plain \f2\fs22 \tab \tab \tab (2)\tab Under terms of these orders, particularly \'b6 7(f)(6) of Order No. 5 and \'b6 16 of Order 
No. 11, these depositions should be usable in all Remand Courts, federal and state.\par
}\pard \tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360
{\plain \f2\fs22 \par
}\pard \fi-900\li900\tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360 
{\plain \f2\fs22 \tab \tab \tab (3)\tab Substantial portions of these depositions have been used by plaintiffs or defendants 
in various trials in federal and state court that have taken place in the last two years.  It can be 
expected that a major part of the evidence to be presented in future trials will consist of selected 
portions of these depositions in either videotape or written transcript form.  To facilitate 
presentation of this evidence, Remand Courts should consider requiring the parties in particular 
cases nearing trial to designate and counter-designate portions of these depositions appropriate 
to such cases and, if video tape is to be used, to prepare an edited version for use at trial.  It is 
likely that, as additional trials are held, some consensus will develop as to the portions the parties 
will want to offer and thereby eliminate the need to repeat this designation and editing process 
in future trials.\par
}\pard \tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360
{\plain \f2\fs22 \par
}\pard \fi-900\li900\tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360 
{\plain \f2\fs22 \tab \tab \tab (4)\tab The parties were encouraged by the Court to take \'93trial-type\'94 videotaped depositions 
of all persons whose generic testimony would likely be needed in many cases\'97both to reduce 
the burden on such persons and to reduce the potential that unavailability of such persons might 
prevent trial settings or cause continuances of trial.  This Court recommends to Remand Courts 
that only in exceptional circumstances should trials not be scheduled or be continued based on 
the claimed unavailability of a \'93key\'94 witness if a videotaped \'93trial type\'94 deposition of that 
person, covering the subjects that would be presented at trial, has been taken or if the party 
should have anticipated the need to take such a deposition.\par
}\pard \tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360
{\plain \f2\fs22 \par
}\pard \li450\tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360 
{\plain \f2\fs22 \tab (c)\tab }{\plain \b\f2\fs22 Remaining Discovery}{\plain \f2\fs22 .  A relatively small amount of \'93national\'94 discovery remains to be 
conducted or completed by the PSC or by the national defendants.  This remaining national 
discovery\'97which is not sufficiently substantial to justify delay in remand or transfer of cases for 
further case-specific preparation and trial\'97will continue to be controlled by this Court and, when 
conducted, will be made available, as appropriate, to Remand Courts and litigants in such courts.  The 
bulk of remaining discovery will be \'93plaintiff-specific\'94 and may be conducted either while a case is 
pending in this Court or after it is remanded or transferred to a Remand Court.  The following 
provisions are intended to govern further discovery in this Court and\'97subject to a Remand Court\'92s 
power to alter these provisions by order or rule\'97discovery in a Remand Court after such remand or 
transfer.\par
}\pard \tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360
{\plain \f2\fs22 \par
}\pard \fi-900\li900\tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360 
{\plain \f2\fs22 \tab \tab \tab (1)\tab }{\plain \b\f2\fs22 Additional Discovery from Defendants and their Employees}{\plain \f2\fs22 .\par
}\pard \tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360
{\plain \f2\fs22 \par
}\pard \fi-1440\li1440\tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360 
{\plain \f2\fs22 \tab \tab \tab \tab (A)\tab Further depositions of the national defendants and their current and former 
employees by the PSC, by individual plaintiffs, or by other defendants will be permitted 
only with the consent of that defendant or with the approval of this Court (or, after remand 
or transfer, by a Remand Court).  It is anticipated that such depositions will be limited to 
situations in which discovery of a particular issue is non-duplicative of prior 
discovery\'97typically being matters specific to an individual plaintiff\'97and that, absent a 
stipulation of the parties or court order for good cause shown, direct examination should 
be completed in 3 hours.\par
}\pard \tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360
{\plain \f2\fs22 \par
}\pard \fi-1440\li1440\tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360 
{\plain \f2\fs22 \tab \tab \tab \tab (B)\tab A national defendant may, with the approval of this Court, preserve the 
testimony of any of its current or former employees whose health jeopardizes his or her 
ability to testify in multiple trials, or for other good cause.  A national defendant may also, 
with the approval of this Court or a Remand Court, preserve the testimony of any of its 
current or former employee for use in a specific trial.\par
}\pard \tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360
{\plain \f2\fs22 \par
}\pard \fi-1440\li1440\tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360 
{\plain \f2\fs22 \tab \tab \tab \tab (C)\tab Further document production requests of a national defendant by the PSC, by 
individual plaintiffs, or by other defendants will be permitted only with the consent of that 
defendant, with the approval of this Court, or\'97with respect to plaintiff-specific 
documents\'97by a Remand Court after remand or transfer.  Any such request must be  
accompanied by a showing that the requested documents are not available in the Cincinnati 
depository.\par
}\pard \tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360
{\plain \f2\fs22 \par
}\pard \fi-1440\li1440\tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360 
{\plain \f2\fs22 \tab \tab \tab \tab (D)\tab Interrogatories to a national defendant under Fed. R. Civ. P. 33 or a state 
counterpart will, unless approved by this Court (or, after remand or transfer, by a Remand 
Court), be limited to questions relating to identification of experts, expected areas of 
expert testimony, theories of defense, or identification of trial witnesses or exhibits, where 
such inquiries have not previously been addressed by the defendant.  Questions will not 
be permitted if the answers would require examination of documents that are available in 
the Cincinnati depository.\par
}\pard \tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360
{\plain \f2\fs22 \par
}\pard \fi-900\li900\tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360 
{\plain \f2\fs22 \tab \tab \tab (2)\tab }{\plain \b\f2\fs22 Discovery from Plaintiffs}{\plain \f2\fs22 .\par
}\pard \tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360
{\plain \f2\fs22 \par
}\pard \fi-1440\li1440\tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360 
{\plain \f2\fs22 \tab \tab \tab \tab (A)\tab Implant-recipient plaintiffs and their spouses are required to complete and 
serve on Defendants\'92 Liaison Counsel (within 60 days after their case is filed in, removed 
to, or transferred to this Court) the approved MDL Questionnaire, which is treated as the 
plaintiff\'92s answer to interrogatories and requests for production.  This requirement is 
waived if such persons have provided substantially the same (or more extensive) 
information based on discovery requests in the court from which the case was transferred 
to or removed to this Court.  Ordinarily, a case will not be remanded or transferred by this 
Court unless and until such information has been provided to the defendants.\par
}\pard \tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360
{\plain \f2\fs22 \par
}\pard \fi-1440\li1440\tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360 
{\plain \f2\fs22 \tab \tab \tab \tab (B)\tab Defendants may, while a case is pending in this Court or after remand or 
transfer, conduct a deposition of a plaintiff (and, where applicable, the spouse), limited 
(unless extended by stipulation or court order) to a maximum of 6 hours of direct 
examination per person.  Supplemental depositions may be permitted as a specific case 
nears trial if a significant length of time has elapsed since the last deposition of the 
plaintiff, but must be limited to matters not previously covered or which have changed 
since the prior deposition.\par
}\pard \tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360
{\plain \f2\fs22 \par
}\pard \fi-1440\li1440\tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360 
{\plain \f2\fs22 \tab \tab \tab \tab (C)\tab Defendants may, while a case is pending in this Court or after remand or 
transfer, depose a plaintiff's treating physicians, limited (unless extended by stipulation or 
court order) to a maximum of 3 hours per physician (or 6 hours if the physician provides 
any substantial testimony respecting issues of general or specific \'93causation\'94).  
Supplemental depositions may be permitted as a specific case nears trial if a significant 
length of time has elapsed since the last deposition of the physician, but must be limited 
to matters not previously covered or which have changed since the prior deposition.\par
}\pard \tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360
{\plain \f2\fs22 \par
}\pard \fi-1440\li1440\tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360 
{\plain \f2\fs22 \tab \tab \tab \tab (D)\tab A plaintiff may, while a case is pending in this Court or after remand or 
transfer, preserve her trial testimony pursuant to the provisions of the Order Governing 
Expedited Discovery and The Taking of A Videotaped Deposition for Preservation of 
Testimony for Trial, entered April 26, 1993.\par
}\pard \tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360
{\plain \f2\fs22 \par
}\pard \fi-1440\li1440\tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360 
{\plain \f2\fs22 \tab \tab \tab \tab (E)\tab A plaintiff may also, while a case is pending in this Court or after remand or 
transfer, schedule a \'93trial-type\'94 deposition of her treating physicians.\par
}\pard \tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360
{\plain \f2\fs22 \par
}\pard \fi-900\li900\tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360 
{\plain \f2\fs22 \tab \tab \tab (3)\tab }{\plain \b\f2\fs22 Discovery of Non-Parties}{\plain \f2\fs22 .  Depositions of non-party witnesses who have not 
previously been deposed and who are not providing \'93expert\'94 testimony will be permitted in this 
Court and in Remand Courts as authorized by the Fed. R. Civ. P. or state counterparts.  
Supplemental depositions of such persons who have previously been deposed will not be 
permitted, without approval of this Court (or, after remand or transfer, of the Remand Court), 
on subjects covered in such earlier depositions.\par
}\pard \tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360
{\plain \f2\fs22 \par
}\pard \fi-900\li900\tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360 
{\plain \f2\fs22 \tab \tab \tab (4)\tab }{\plain \b\f2\fs22 \'93Expert\'94 Testimony}{\plain \f2\fs22 .  By a separate order (but, when approved, to be attached as 
Appendix B to this Order), the Court is establishing provisions relating to further discovery 
from, perpetuation of testimony from, and pretrial designation of witnesses specially retained or 
employed by plaintiffs or defendants to provide \'93expert\'94 testimony under FRE 702 or 703.\par
}\pard \tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360
{\plain \f2\fs22 \par
}\pard \li450\tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360 
{\plain \f2\fs22 \tab (d)\tab }{\plain \b\f2\fs22 New Developments}{\plain \f2\fs22 .  By motion in this Court or in a Remand Court, a party may, 
notwithstanding the above limitations on further discovery, request permission to seek additional 
discovery from any party or non-party concerning new or newly-discovered developments and 
information, including but not limited to new epidemiological, manufacturing, and medical 
developments, or new legal issues.  The motion should set forth (i) the specific discovery being sought 
and (ii) the reasons why prior discovery could not have adequately developed or addressed the specific 
area.  Any party opposing the discovery request shall move to quash or for a protective order within 
fourteen (14) days after being served with the discovering party's motion.\par
}\pard \tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360
{\plain \f2\fs22 \par
}{\plain \f2\fs22 \tab 5.\tab }{\plain \b\f2\fs22 Summary Judgment and Other Potentially Dispositive Issues}{\plain \f2\fs22 .\par
}{\plain \f2\fs22 \par
}\pard \li450\tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360 
{\plain \f2\fs22 \tab (a)}{\plain \b\f2\fs22 \tab Standard of Review.}{\plain \f2\fs22   In ruling on summary judgment motions, this Court has followed 
the principles clarified in the trilogy of cases decided by the Supreme Court in 1986:  }{\plain \i\f2\fs22 Celotex Corp. 
v. Catrett}{\plain \f2\fs22 , 477 U.S. 317 (1986); }{\plain \i\f2\fs22 Anderson v. Liberty Lobby, Inc.}{\plain \f2\fs22 , 477 U.S.242 (1986); }{\plain \i\f2\fs22 Matsushita 
Elec. Industrial Co. v. Zenith Radio Corp.}{\plain \f2\fs22 , 475 U.S. 574 (1986).  Summary judgment is proper if 
but only if, based on the admissible evidence that would be available and the applicable burdens of 
production and persuasion, a party would be entitled at trial to judgment as a matter of law because 
of material facts that either are not in substantial controversy or lack sufficient evidentiary support.  
Facts in genuine dispute have been assumed to be favorable to the party against whom summary 
judgment would be entered.\par
}\pard \tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360
{\plain \f2\fs22 \par
}\pard \li450\tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360 
{\plain \f2\fs22 \tab (b)}{\plain \b\f2\fs22 \tab Choice of Law.}{\plain \f2\fs22   In federal multidistrict proceedings, a transferee court must apply the 
substantive law of the transferor courts.  }{\plain \i\f2\fs22 See, e.g., In re San Juan Dupont Plaza Hotel Fire Litigation}{\plain \f2\fs22 , 
745 F. Supp. 79, 81 (D.P.R. 1990) (quoting }{\plain \i\f2\fs22 Ferens v. John Deere Co.}{\plain \f2\fs22 , 494 U.S. 516 (1990)).  The 
transferor courts in diversity cases would be bound to apply the law of the forum state, including its 
choice of law rules.  }{\plain \i\f2\fs22 Klaxon Co. v. Stentor Elec. Mfg. Co.}{\plain \f2\fs22 , 313 U.S. 487 (1941).  }{\plain \i\f2\fs22 See also Manual 
for Complex Litigation, Third}{\plain \f2\fs22  \'a7 33.254 (1995).  This MDL proceeding involves diversity-jurisdiction 
cases filed in, or removed to, federal courts in 92 of the 94 districts, located in every state, the 
District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, and the Virgin Islands.  This Court must therefore look to the laws 
of the several states to determine whether summary judgment is appropriate.  In ruling on motions 
by defendants for summary judgment, this Court has based its decision on whether, under the 
substantive laws of each state, the movant would be entitled to such judgment in a federal court.  
Denial of such a motion means only that this court has concluded that under the substantive laws of 
at least one such jurisdiction the movant would not be entitled to summary judgment.\par
}\pard \tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360
{\plain \f2\fs22 \par
}\pard \li450\tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360 
{\plain \f2\fs22 \tab (c)\tab }{\plain \b\f2\fs22 Corning Incorporated}{\plain \f2\fs22 .{\super \chftn {\footnote \pard \qj\tx0\tx432\tx864\tx1296\tx1728\tx2160\tx2592\tx3024\tx3456\tx3888\tx4320\tx4752\tx5184\tx5616\tx6048\tx6480\tx6912\tx7344\tx7776 
{\plain \super\f2 \chftn }{}{\plain \f2\fs22 }{\plain \f2\fs17      .  Corning has never manufactured or distributed breast implants or component parts or materials; it is and has been, however, 
a 50% stockholder of Dow Corning Corporation.}}}
}{\plain \f2\fs22   On April 25, 1995, the Court confirmed an earlier order 
granting summary judgment in favor of Corning Incorporated, concluding that under the substantive 
law of all states Corning was entitled under Fed. R. Civ. P. 56 to dismissal of breast implant claims 
against it.  887 F. Supp. 1463 (N.D. Ala. 1995).  This order was certified as a final judgment under 
Rule 54(b).  An appeal was taken from this ruling, but later withdrawn.  As a consequence, no breast 
implant claim may be made against Corning in any case that has been (or may hereafter be) filed in, 
removed to, or transferred to this court, whether or not it is later remanded or transferred to another 
state or federal court. \par
}\pard \tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360
{\plain \f2\fs22 \par
}\pard \li450\tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360 
{\plain \f2\fs22 \tab (d)\tab }{\plain \b\f2\fs22 The Dow Chemical Company}{\plain \f2\fs22 .{\super \chftn {\footnote \pard \qj\tx0\tx432\tx864\tx1296\tx1728\tx2160\tx2592\tx3024\tx3456\tx3888\tx4320\tx4752\tx5184\tx5616\tx6048\tx6480\tx6912\tx7344\tx7776 
{\plain \super\f2 \chftn }{}{\plain \f2\fs22 }{\plain \f2\fs17      .  Like Corning, Dow Chemical has never itself manufactured or directly distributed breast implants or component parts of 
materials, but is and has been a 50% stockholder of Dow Corning Corporation.  Dow Chemical has, however, been involved in 
research and testing of silicone products and provided Dow Corning with at least some of its findings and with some technical 
assistance.}}}
}{\plain \f2\fs22   On April 25, 1995, the Court vacated an earlier 
interlocutory order that had granted summary judgment in favor of The Dow Chemical Company.  
887 F. Supp. 1463 (N.D. Ala. 1995).  On December 26, 1995, the Court denied Dow Chemical\'92s 
motion for reconsideration.  The Court concluded that under the substantive laws of at least some 
states Dow Chemical was not entitled to summary judgment under Fed. R. Civ. P. 56 with respect 
to claims based on negligent undertaking, Restatement (Second) of Torts \'a7 324A.{\super \chftn {\footnote \pard \qj\tx0\tx432\tx864\tx1296\tx1728\tx2160\tx2592\tx3024\tx3456\tx3888\tx4320\tx4752\tx5184\tx5616\tx6048\tx6480\tx6912\tx7344\tx7776 
{\plain \super\f2 \chftn }{}{\plain \f2\fs22 }{\plain \f2\fs17      .   Because summary judgment could not be entered in favor of Dow Chemical on the negligent undertaking claim, the Court 
did not address plaintiffs\'92 additional theories of direct liability, which included strict liability, corporate conspiracy, concert of 
action, aiding and abetting, fraud, and fraudulent concealment.  The Court did, however, grant partial summary judgment in Dow 
Chemical\'92s favor as to the \'93corporate control\'94 and \'93alter ego\'94 causes of action.}}}
}{\plain \f2\fs22  This remains an 
interlocutory order, and does not constitute a conclusion that Dow Chemical would be subject to 
potential liability under the substantive law of each state.  It should be expected that a renewed motion 
for summary judgment or a motion for \'93directed verdict\'94 will, after remand, be filed by Dow 
Chemical in many courts based on the substantive law of those jurisdictions, and it may well be that 
Dow Chemical will be entitled to judgment as a matter of law in some such jurisdictions.\par
}\pard \tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360
{\plain \f2\fs22 \tab \tab \par
}\pard \li450\tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360 
{\plain \f2\fs22 \tab (e)}{\plain \b\f2\fs22 \tab Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.}{\plain \f2\fs22   On April 25, 1995, the Court denied a motion for summary 
judgment filed by Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.  887 F. Supp. 1447 (N.D. Ala. 1995).  Bristol never 
itself manufactured or distributed breast implants, but was and is the sole shareholder of Medical 
Engineering Corporation, a major supplier of breast implants.  The Court concluded that under the 
substantive laws of most, if not all, states Bristol could be held subject to potential liability both on 
\'93corporate control\'94 theories and on certain \'93direct liability\'94 theories.{\super \chftn {\footnote \pard \qj\tx0\tx432\tx864\tx1296\tx1728\tx2160\tx2592\tx3024\tx3456\tx3888\tx4320\tx4752\tx5184\tx5616\tx6048\tx6480\tx6912\tx7344\tx7776 
{\plain \super\f2 \chftn }{}{\plain \f2\fs22 }{\plain \f2\fs17      .  In denying summary judgment, the Court recognized that Bristol had likely been named as a defendant in some cases 
involving implants sold before its acquisition of MEC in 1982 or before it undertook to conduct and publicize tests relating to the 
safety of implants.  It may also have been named as a defendant in some cases involving Natural Y and Aesthetech implants sold 
before acquisition of those companies in 1988.  The extent, if any, of Bristol's potential liability in such cases will likely depend 
not only on questions of proximate causation but also on whether the particular jurisdiction imposes any post-sale duty to warn on 
manufacturers and suppliers of products.  The Court's opinion did not attempt to resolve the special issues that may be presented 
in such cases; such issues may arise in particular cases after remand.}}}
}{\plain \f2\fs22 \par
}\pard \tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360
{\plain \f2\fs22 \par
}\pard \li450\tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360 
{\plain \f2\fs22 \tab (f)}{\plain \b\f2\fs22 \tab Scotfoam.}{\plain \f2\fs22   On April 25, 1995, the Court granted a motion for summary judgment filed 
by Scotfoam Corporation and its related entities.{\super \chftn {\footnote \pard \qj\tx0\tx432\tx864\tx1296\tx1728\tx2160\tx2592\tx3024\tx3456\tx3888\tx4320\tx4752\tx5184\tx5616\tx6048\tx6480\tx6912\tx7344\tx7776 
{\plain \super\f2 \chftn }{}{\plain \f2\fs22 }{\plain \f2\fs17      .  These companies include '21' International Holdings, Inc.; '21' Foam Company, Inc.; Knoll International Holdings, Inc.; 
General Felt Industries, Inc.; Foamex, L.P.; Foamex Products, Inc.; Recticel Foam Corporation; and Scott Paper Company.}}}
}{\plain \f2\fs22   887 F. Supp. 1463 (N.D. Ala. 1995).  Scotfoam 
asserted that it was not liable for alleged injuries to breast implant recipients on the ground, inter alia, 
that, as a bulk supplier, it had no duty to provide warnings regarding polyurethane foam to breast 
implant recipients or their physicians.  Scotfoam made polyurethane foam, some of which was sold 
to Wilshire Foam Company, which, in turn, after processing, was sold by Wilshire to several implant 
manufacturers.  The Court concluded that no state would impose liability in a raw material supplier 
situation like the one that the Scotfoam facts presented.  This order was certified as a final judgment 
under Rule 54(b).  An appeal was taken from this ruling, but later withdrawn.  As a consequence, no 
breast implant claim may be made against the Scotfoam defendants in any case that has been (or may 
hereafter be) filed in, removed to, or transferred to this court, whether or not it is later remanded or 
transferred to another state or federal court.\par
}\pard \tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360
{\plain \f2\fs22 \par
}\pard \li450\tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360 
{\plain \f2\fs22 \tab (g)}{\plain \b\f2\fs22 \tab Surgitek, Inc. and Cabot Medical Corp.}{\plain \f2\fs22   On August 9, 1995, in an unpublished opinion, 
the Court granted motions for summary judgment filed by Surgitek, Inc. and Cabot Medical 
Corporation. Plaintiffs had apparently sued them because Medical Engineering Corporation, a 
defendant in many of these cases, previously used the trade name Surgitek in marketing its implants.  
On March 12, 1992, pursuant to an Asset Purchase Agreement, Cabot purchased MEC\'92s surgical stent 
and urological fiberoptic scope business, but not its breast implant business.  Cabot also purchased 
the trade name Surgitek, and then formed a subsidiary named Surgitek, Inc.  Neither Cabot nor 
Surgitek, Inc. was ever involved in manufacturing, designing, marketing, distributing, or selling 
silicone gel breast implant products or any component parts thereof.  The Court\'92s summary judgment 
order was certified as a final judgment under Rule 54(b), and no appeal was taken from this order.  
As a consequence, no breast implant claim may be made against Surgitek or Cabot in any case that 
has been (or may hereafter be) filed in, removed to, or transferred to this court, whether or not it is 
later remanded or transferred to another state or federal court. \par
}\pard \tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360
{\plain \f2\fs22 \par
}\pard \li450\tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360 
{\plain \f2\fs22 \tab (h)\tab }{\plain \b\f2\fs22 Federal Preemption}{\plain \f2\fs22 .  In mid-1995, the Eleventh Circuit Court of Appeals issued an 
opinion applying the doctrine of federal preemption under the Medical Device Amendments of 1976, 
21 U.S.C.A. \'a7\'a7 360}{\plain \i\f2\fs22 c}{\plain \f2\fs22 -360}{\plain \i\f2\fs22 l}{\plain \f2\fs22 , in a case involving heart pacemakers.  }{\plain \i\f2\fs22 See Lohr v. Medtronic, Inc.}{\plain \f2\fs22 , 56 
F.3rd 1335 (11th Cir. 1995).  The United States Supreme Court has granted }{\plain \i\f2\fs22 certiorari}{\plain \f2\fs22  in }{\plain \i\f2\fs22 Lohr}{\plain \f2\fs22 , and 
has scheduled oral arguments for later this Spring.  The Supreme Court\'92s decision could significantly 
affect all breast implant litigation, whether in federal or state court.  This Court will not consider 
summary judgment motions based on federal preemption until that decision is issued.  This Court, 
moreover, suggests that Remand Courts should probably defer further trials in breast-implant cases 
until that decision is issued.\par
}\pard \tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360
{\plain \f2\fs22 \par
}\pard \li450\tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360 
{\plain \f2\fs22 \tab (i)}{\plain \b\f2\fs22 \tab Baxter Healthcare; Baxter International.}{\plain \f2\fs22   Baxter International, Inc. (\'93BII\'94){\super \chftn {\footnote \pard \qj\tx0\tx432\tx864\tx1296\tx1728\tx2160\tx2592\tx3024\tx3456\tx3888\tx4320\tx4752\tx5184\tx5616\tx6048\tx6480\tx6912\tx7344\tx7776 
{\plain \super\f2 \chftn }{}{\plain \f2\fs22 }{\plain \f2\fs17      .  At the time of the November 1985 merger, the name of BII was Baxter Travenol Laboratories Incorporated; at early times, 
its name had been Don Baxter Intravenous Products Corporation and later Baxter Laboratories Incorporated.  After the merger the 
name was changed to Baxter International, Inc., and for simplicity, the corporation has been known as BII.}}}
}{\plain \f2\fs22  moved to 
be dismissed from thousands of cases for lack of personal jurisdiction. In its motion, BII, a publicly-owned holding company incorporated in Delaware, asserted that, unlike its wholly-owned subsidiary 
Baxter Healthcare Corporation (\'93Baxter Healthcare\'94), also a defendant in these cases, it is subject to 
personal jurisdiction in only a few states.{\super \chftn {\footnote \pard \qj\tx0\tx432\tx864\tx1296\tx1728\tx2160\tx2592\tx3024\tx3456\tx3888\tx4320\tx4752\tx5184\tx5616\tx6048\tx6480\tx6912\tx7344\tx7776 
{\plain \super\f2 \chftn }{}{\plain \f2\fs22 }{\plain \f2\fs17      .  BII conceded that it is subject to jurisdiction in Delaware, Illinois, Kansas, Mississippi [note: Missouri in original], and 
the District of Columbia and did not contest jurisdiction in cases initially filed in those states.}}}
}{\plain \f2\fs22   The Court concluded that, given the form of the corporate 
merger and reorganization involving American Hospital Supply Corporation, BII was subject to suit 
throughout the United States to the same extent as would be American Hospital, and on November 
29, 1993, denied BII's motion.  837 F. Supp. 1123 (N.D. Ala. 1993).  Although interlocutory, this 
ruling relating to personal jurisdiction is not likely to be contested or raised again in Remand Courts.  
The conclusions of the Court regarding the nature and consequences of the 1985 mergers also have 
the effect of rejecting the argument sometimes made by BII and Baxter Healthcare that they have no 
responsibility for claims against American Hospital (or Heyer-Schulte); if faced with a renewal of this 
argument, Remand Courts should be able to rely upon this Court\'92s rejection of that position.\par
}\pard \tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360
{\plain \f2\fs22 \par
}\pard \li450\tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360 
{\plain \f2\fs22 \tab (j)\tab }{\plain \b\f2\fs22 General Electric}{\plain \f2\fs22 .  On March 20, 1996, the Court denied a motion for summary judgment 
filed by General Electric Company that was based on the \'93bulk supplier\'94 and \'93learned intermediary\'94 
defenses.  The Court concluded that there were sufficient factual differences from the Scotfoam 
defendants (see \'b6 5(f) above) that under the substantive laws of at least some states GE was not 
entitled to summary judgment under Fed. R. Civ. P. 56.  This remains an interlocutory order, and 
does not constitute a conclusion that GE would be subject to potential liability under the substantive 
law of each state.  It should be expected that a renewed motion for summary judgment or a motion 
for \'93directed verdict\'94 will, after remand, be filed by GE in many courts based on the substantive law 
of those jurisdictions, and it may well be that GE will be entitled to judgment as a matter of law in 
some such jurisdictions.\par
}\pard \tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360
{\plain \f2\fs22 \par
}\pard \li450\tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360 
{\plain \f2\fs22 \tab (k)\tab }{\plain \b\f2\fs22 Union Carbide}{\plain \f2\fs22 .  There is presently pending in this Court a motion for partial summary 
judgment filed by Union Carbide Corporation based on the \'93bulk supplier\'94 and \'93learned 
intermediary\'94 defenses.\par
}\pard \tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360
{\plain \f2\fs22 \par
}\pard \li450\tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360 
{\plain \f2\fs22 \tab (l)\tab }{\plain \b\f2\fs22 Koken\'92s Motion to Dismiss}{\plain \f2\fs22 .  Koken Co., Ltd. is a Japanese company that manufactured 
and sold a relatively small number of breast implants in the United States, either directly or through 
a distributorship agreement with Porex Technologies, Inc., a Georgia corporation.  Koken moved to 
dismiss under Fed. R. Civ. P. 12(b)(2) for lack of personal jurisdiction, contending that it was not 
subject to personal jurisdiction anywhere in the United States and should therefore be dismissed from 
all actions and be relieved from further responsibilities to respond to discovery directed to it as a 
party.  In denying this motion, the Court concluded that Koken was subject to personal jurisdiction 
for these product-liability claims, at least in Georgia which has a broad long-arm statute and where 
the bulk of Koken\'92s contacts with the United States had occurred.  The Court has not yet ruled on 
Koken\'92s motion for reconsideration.  Cases against Koken will not be remanded or transferred until 
that motion is ruled upon; and, if Koken\'92s motion is denied, there will be additional discovery needed 
from Koken before remand or transfer would be appropriate.\par
}\pard \tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360
{\plain \f2\fs22 \par
}\pard \li450\tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360 
{\plain \f2\fs22 \tab (m)}{\plain \b\f2\fs22 \tab }{\plain \b\i\f2\fs22 Forum Non Conveniens}{\plain \f2\fs22 .  On April 25, 1995, the Court granted motions by the defendants 
to dismiss, on the ground of }{\plain \i\f2\fs22 forum non conveniens}{\plain \f2\fs22 , several breast implant cases brought by persons 
from Australia, England, and Canada who were not citizens or residents of the United States and who 
had received all their implants outside the United States.{\super \chftn {\footnote \pard \qj\tx0\tx432\tx864\tx1296\tx1728\tx2160\tx2592\tx3024\tx3456\tx3888\tx4320\tx4752\tx5184\tx5616\tx6048\tx6480\tx6912\tx7344\tx7776 
{\plain \super\f2 \chftn }{}{\plain \f2\fs22 }{\plain \f2\fs17      .  These dismissals were subject to certain conditions to which the defendants agreed:\par
}\pard \qj\fi-1296\li1296\tx0\tx432\tx864\tx1296\tx1728\tx2160\tx2592\tx3024\tx3456\tx3888\tx4320\tx4752\tx5184\tx5616\tx6048\tx6480\tx6912\tx7344\tx7776 
{\plain \f2\fs17 \tab \tab (1)\tab Each defendant will submit to the jurisdiction of, and accept service of process from, appropriate tribunals of 
Australia, Canada and England with respect to breast implant claims regarding implantations performed in those 
countries.\par
}\pard \qj\fi-1296\li1296\tx0\tx432\tx864\tx1296\tx1728\tx2160\tx2592\tx3024\tx3456\tx3888\tx4320\tx4752\tx5184\tx5616\tx6048\tx6480\tx6912\tx7344\tx7776 
{\plain \f2\fs17 \tab \tab (2)\tab Each defendant will, if so served, be bound to pay final judgments rendered against it by such tribunals relating 
to such claims.\par
}\pard \qj\fi-1296\li1296\tx0\tx432\tx864\tx1296\tx1728\tx2160\tx2592\tx3024\tx3456\tx3888\tx4320\tx4752\tx5184\tx5616\tx6048\tx6480\tx6912\tx7344\tx7776 
{\plain \f2\fs17 \tab \tab (3)\tab Each defendant will not, in raising any statute of limitations or similar defense in such tribunals, include the 
period that a suit, not barred by a statute of limitations in the United States, was pending against it in a court of 
the United States.\par
}\pard \qj\fi-1296\li1296\tx0\tx432\tx864\tx1296\tx1728\tx2160\tx2592\tx3024\tx3456\tx3888\tx4320\tx4752\tx5184\tx5616\tx6048\tx6480\tx6912\tx7344\tx7776 
{\plain \f2\fs17 \tab \tab (4)\tab Each defendant will not object to evidence offered in such tribunals that, if offered in federal courts of the United 
States, would have been admissible against it.}}}
}{\plain \f2\fs22  887 F. Supp 1469 (N.D. Ala. 1995).  This 
ruling, which was certified as a final judgment under Fed. R. Civ. P. 54(b), has been appealed to the 
11th Circuit Court of Appeals, and that appeal is still pending.  In that same order, the Court denied 
similar motions with respect to certain New Zealand citizens because of unusual circumstances that, 
for some New Zealanders, had the effect of not affording them any alternative judicial or 
administrative forum for the resolution of breast-implant claims.  The Court has not yet ruled on any 
similar motions that may be filed in cases brought by persons from other countries.\par
}\pard \tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360
{\plain \f2\fs22 \par
}{\plain \f2\fs22 \tab 6.\tab }{\plain \b\f2\fs22 Special Circumstances Relating to Particular Defendants}{\plain \f2\fs22 .\par
}{\plain \f2\fs22 \par
}\pard \li450\tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360 
{\plain \f2\fs22 \tab (a)\tab }{\plain \b\f2\fs22 Mentor Limited-Fund Class Settlement}{\plain \f2\fs22 .  In September 1993 the Court, after extensive 
briefing, evidentiary submissions, notice, and a fairness hearing, approved a limited-fund mandatory 
non-optout class-action settlement under Fed.R.Civ.P. 23(b)(1)(B) with Mentor Corporation.{\super \chftn {\footnote \pard \qj\tx0\tx432\tx864\tx1296\tx1728\tx2160\tx2592\tx3024\tx3456\tx3888\tx4320\tx4752\tx5184\tx5616\tx6048\tx6480\tx6912\tx7344\tx7776 
{\plain \super\f2 \chftn }{}{\plain \f2\fs22 }{\plain \f2\fs17      .  The settlement provides for the payment by Mentor of approximately $25 million.  The distribution formula for those 
benefits will be set by the Court at a later time, and it is anticipated that, because of the very limited funds set aside for such 
recipients, the Court will give preferential, if not exclusive, consideration to those who do not have potential claims against other 
manufacturers.}}}
}{\plain \f2\fs22  }{\plain \i\f2\fs22 See}{\plain \f2\fs22  
1993 WL 795477 (N.D. Ala. 1993).  The order was certified as a final judgment under Fed. R. Civ. 
P. 54(b) and there was no appeal from this judgment. One consequence is to bar all further breast-implant claims, whether in federal or state court, against the Mentor defendants relating to 
implantations that occurred before June 1, 1993.\par
}\pard \tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360
{\plain \f2\fs22 \par
}\pard \li450\tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360 
{\plain \f2\fs22 \tab (b)\tab }{\plain \b\f2\fs22 Bioplasty Bankruptcy}{\plain \f2\fs22 . As a result of bankruptcy reorganization proceedings in the 
District of Minnesota, all further breast-implant claims, whether in federal or state court, against the 
Bioplasty defendants are barred.{\super \chftn {\footnote \pard \qj\tx0\tx432\tx864\tx1296\tx1728\tx2160\tx2592\tx3024\tx3456\tx3888\tx4320\tx4752\tx5184\tx5616\tx6048\tx6480\tx6912\tx7344\tx7776 
{\plain \super\f2 \chftn }{}{\plain \f2\fs22 }{\plain \f2\fs17      .  The distribution formula for the approximately $5 million provided under Bioplasty\'92s reorganization for implant claimants 
will be set by the Court at a later time, and it is anticipated that, because of the very limited funds set aside for such recipients, 
the Court will give preferential, if not exclusive, consideration to those who do not have potential claims against other 
manufacturers.}}}
}{\plain \f2\fs22 \par
}\pard \li450\tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360 
{\plain \f2\fs22 \tab (c)\tab }{\plain \b\f2\fs22 Dow Corning Bankruptcy}{\plain \f2\fs22 .  The bankruptcy reorganization proceedings involving Dow 
Corning Corporation, which have been pending in the Bankruptcy Court for the Eastern District of 
Michigan since May 15, 1995, significantly affect not only the institution and pursuit of claims against 
Dow Corning, but also further discovery from Dow Corning and its employees.  Applications for 
relief from the automatic stay provisions or from other orders of the Bankruptcy Court should be 
made in that Court.\par
}\pard \tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360
{\plain \f2\fs22 \par
}\pard \li450\tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360 
{\plain \f2\fs22 \tab (d)\tab }{\plain \b\f2\fs22 \'93Settling Defendants\'94}{\plain \f2\fs22 .  In general, institution and pursuit of claims against companies who 
are parties to the Revised Settlement Program (see \'b6 1 above), as well as discovery from such 
companies, is precluded unless and until a plaintiff opts out from that settlement or from the earlier 
global settlement.  Bristol, Baxter, 3M, McGhan, and Union Carbide may, at the present time, engage 
in settlement discussions with persons who opt out from this class settlement only on an individualized 
basis (}{\plain \i\f2\fs22 i.e.}{\plain \f2\fs22 , not as part of a settlement of a group of cases or claims) and, with respect to those who 
did not opt out of the earlier global settlement, only if the case is specifically set for trial or if the 
discussions take place under a court-sponsored mediation or arbitration program.\par
}\pard \tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360
{\plain \f2\fs22 \par
}{\plain \f2\fs22 \tab 7.\tab }{\plain \b\f2\fs22 Remand and Transfer of Cases}{\plain \f2\fs22 .  \par
}{\plain \f2\fs22 \par
}\pard \li450\tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360 
{\plain \f2\fs22 \tab (a)\tab }{\plain \b\f2\fs22 Procedures}{\plain \f2\fs22 .  The first large group of cases suggested to the JPMDL for remand to federal 
transferor courts, resulting ultimately in the remand by the Panel of approximately 300 cases, 
occurred only after extensive pre-trial hearings and conferences, and consumed about 3 weeks of time 
by this Court and counsel.  State remand orders (and the few orders that have transferred cases under 
28 U.S.C. \'a7 1404) have, to date, generally been based on motions, without individual conferences.  
Given the large number of cases that are ready\'97or may be nearing the stage\'97for remand or transfer, 
this Court is reserving its decision on the procedures that may most efficiently and economically be 
employed to consider potential remand or transfer.  This Court does anticipate, however, that, 
whatever the procedures, a substantial number of cases will, during the coming months, be remanded 
to state courts, be transferred to other federal courts, or be recommended to the JPMDL for remand 
to federal transferor courts.\par
}\pard \tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360
{\plain \f2\fs22 \par
}\pard \li450\tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360 
{\plain \f2\fs22 \tab (b)\tab }{\plain \b\f2\fs22 Record on Remand}{\plain \f2\fs22 .  \par
}\pard \tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360
{\plain \f2\fs22 \par
}\pard \fi-900\li900\tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360 
{\plain \f2\fs22 \tab \tab \tab (1)\tab The basic record in each constituent action or severed claim remanded or transferred 
to another court consists of the documents docketed and filed in the case file for that particular 
case, including the order from this Court or from the JPMDL remanding or transferring the case 
to the Remand Court.\par
}\pard \tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360
{\plain \f2\fs22 \par
}\pard \fi-1440\li1440\tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360 
{\plain \f2\fs22 \tab \tab \tab \tab (A)\tab However, since the orders and other documents docketed and filed in the 
Master File, CV92-P-10000-S, are also, to the extent applicable (which in some cases will 
involve the adoption by reference of materials in that Master File), to be treated as 
docketed and filed in the individual cases, many documents in the Master File may also 
be needed as a part of individual case files.  The most significant documents from the 
Master File (see Appendix A) will, therefore, be submitted to each Remand Court for 
inclusion, as court rules permit, either in a Master File in that court or in the individual 
case files as appropriate.  Although not listed as part of the \'93record\'94, the various 
documents produced to the depository in Cincinnati and the transcripts of the various MDL 
depositions should be viewed as also produced in each of the constituent cases.\par
}\pard \tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360
{\plain \f2\fs22 \par
}\pard \fi-990\li1440\tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360 
{\plain \f2\fs22 \tab \tab \tab (B)\tab Litigants in a particular case may conclude that, in addition to those documents 
from Master File designated by this Court as meriting inclusion in the record, there are 
other documents filed in MDL-926 that should be also so designated.  As this Court\'92s 
designation is intended merely to reduce the size of the record on remand and not to 
prejudice any substantive rights of a party, this Court will liberally honor requests by 
parties to include additional documents as part of the record on remand for particular 
cases.\par
}\pard \tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360
{\plain \f2\fs22 \par
}\pard \fi-900\li900\tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360 
{\plain \f2\fs22 \tab \tab \tab (2)\tab The documents from CV92-P-10000-S that are viewed by this Court as ones to be 
submitted to each Remand Court for potential inclusion in the record on remand are listed in 
Exhibit A to this Order.\par
}\pard \tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360
{\plain \f2\fs22 \par
}\pard \fi-900\li900\tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360 
{\plain \f2\fs22 \tab \tab \tab (3)\tab It is impractical to require the parties to enter into a stipulation governing the record 
on remand for each individual action in these consolidated proceedings.  Accordingly, this Order 
constitutes the designation required under Rule 14(g) of the Rules of the JPMDL, but without 
prejudice to the rights of the parties to seek designation of additional documents for inclusion as 
part of the record on remand.\par
}\pard \tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360
{\plain \f2\fs22 \par
}\pard \li450\tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360 
{\plain \f2\fs22 \tab (c)\tab }{\plain \b\f2\fs22 Further Proceedings and Actions Needed in Remand Courts}{\plain \f2\fs22 .  A few cases may be 
ready for trial at the time of remand or transfer.  For most cases, however, one or more of the 
following pretrial actions will be needed in the Remand Court before the cases are ready for trial:\par
}\pard \tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360
{\plain \f2\fs22 \par
}\pard \fi-900\li900\tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360 
{\plain \f2\fs22 \tab \tab \tab (1)\tab Potential refinement of the complaint and answer, including dismissal of unnecessary 
or inappropriately joined defendants.\par
}\pard \tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360
{\plain \f2\fs22 \par
}\pard \fi-900\li900\tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360 
{\plain \f2\fs22 \tab \tab \tab (2)\tab In multi-plaintiff complaints, consideration of the extent to which severance for 
further pretrial proceedings or trial is appropriate.\par
}\pard \tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360
{\plain \f2\fs22 \par
}\pard \fi-900\li900\tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360 
{\plain \f2\fs22 \tab \tab \tab (3)\tab Developing and implementing a plan for completion of discovery, including potential 
modification of the provisions of \'b6 4(c) of this Order.  (Remaining discovery should primarily 
be plaintiff-specific, including discovery from plaintiff, from plaintiff\'92s treating physicians, from 
any physician examining the plaintiff under Fed. R. Civ. P. 35 or its state counterpart, and from 
experts who will testify on issues of specific causation relating to the plaintiff\'92s claims.)\par
}\pard \tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360
{\plain \f2\fs22 \par
}\pard \fi-900\li900\tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360 
{\plain \f2\fs22 \tab \tab \tab (4)\tab Consideration of motions for summary judgment based on the substantive law of the 
particular jurisdiction.\par
}\pard \tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360
{\plain \f2\fs22 \par
}\pard \fi-900\li900\tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360 
{\plain \f2\fs22 \tab \tab \tab (5)\tab Possible referral of case to mediation or arbitration, or other procedures to foster 
settlement.  \par
}\pard \tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360
{\plain \f2\fs22 \par
}\pard \fi-900\li900\tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360 
{\plain \f2\fs22 \tab \tab \tab (6)\tab Setting of case for trial, which may include additional provisions relating to listing 
of witnesses and exhibits, the reduction of objections at trial, and procedures for considering (and 
reducing) motions in limine.\par
}\pard \tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360
{\plain \f2\fs22 \par
}\pard \li450\tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360 
{\plain \f2\fs22 \tab (d)\tab }{\plain \b\f2\fs22 Suggestions for Conducting Further Proceedings in Remand Courts}{\plain \f2\fs22 .  Remand Courts 
that can expect to have a significant number of breast-implant cases should consider, if they have not 
already done so, the following:\par
}\pard \fi-900\li900\tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360 
{\plain \f2\fs22 \tab \tab \tab (1)\tab Creating a master file in the court in which all motions and orders having general 
application, are docketed and filed, eliminating the need for multiple docketing and filing in 
individual cases files.\par
}\pard \tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360
{\plain \f2\fs22 \par
}\pard \fi-900\li900\tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360 
{\plain \f2\fs22 \tab \tab \tab (2)\tab Assignment of all breast-implant cases, at least for further pretrial proceedings in the 
court, to one judge.  Depending on the number of cases, it may be necessary to reassign some 
cases to other judges for trial.\par
}\pard \tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360
{\plain \f2\fs22 \par
}\pard \fi-900\li900\tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360 
{\plain \f2\fs22 \tab \tab \tab (3)\tab Conducting one or more additional pretrial and status conferences, whether on a 
case-by-case basis or for all breast-implant cases in the court.  State and federal judges having 
responsibilities for implant cases in the same jurisdiction should consider holding at least one 
joint conference in order to develop a coordinated plan of management.\par
}\pard \tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360
{\plain \f2\fs22 \par
}\pard \fi-900\li900\tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360 
{\plain \f2\fs22 \tab \tab \tab (4)\tab Establishing a realistic plan for completion of discovery and trial settings of 
individual cases.  For cases in which relatively little plaintiff-specific discovery has been 
completed, a period of 6 months or more may be needed for this discovery.  Each court will 
need to consider the appropriateness of using multiple trial settings or consolidating cases for 
trial.\par
}\pard \tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360
{\plain \f2\fs22 \par
}\pard \fi-900\li900\tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360 
{\plain \f2\fs22 \tab \tab \tab (5)\tab Controlling further discovery to reduce the burdens and conflicts that may be 
imposed on persons who are potential witnesses in many cases in many states.  In particular, 
Remand Courts should require parties seeking generic discovery to demonstrate that the 
information sought is not available from other sources, such as the Depository in Cincinnati or 
the CD-ROM disks or through depositions previously taken.\par
}\pard \tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360
{\plain \f2\fs22 \par
}{\plain \f2\fs22 \tab \tab 8.\tab }{\plain \b\f2\fs22 Common Benefit Fund}{\plain \f2\fs22 .  Under Order No. 13, establishing a Common Benefit Fund to 
compensate and reimburse attorneys for services performed and expenses incurred for the common benefit 
of breast-implant plaintiffs, all federal breast implant cases that are settled, compromised, dismissed, or 
resolved by judgment, are subject to an assessment of six percent of the gross monetary recovery, and the 
defendants are to withhold this assessment from amounts paid to Plaintiffs or their counsel.  In Order No. 
27, the Court extended Order No. 13 to impose that same assessment on recoveries, whether in federal or 
state court or without court action, by persons who did not exercise their initial right to opt out of the 
}{\plain \i\f2\fs22 Lindsey}{\plain \f2\fs22  class but who at a later date exercise such an opt-out right.\par
}{\plain \f2\fs22 \par
}{\plain \f2\fs22 \tab \tab This the 25th day of March, 1996.\par
}{\plain \f2\fs22 \par
}{\plain \f2\fs22 \par
}{\plain \f2\fs22 \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab }{\plain \ulw\f2\fs22   Sam C. Pointer, Jr. /s/                                                    }{\plain \f2\fs22 \par
}{\plain \f2\fs22 \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab Sam C. Pointer, Jr.\par
}{\plain \f2\fs22 \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab United States District Judge\par
}{\plain \b\f2\fs22 \par
}{\plain \b\f2\fs22 \par
}{\plain \f2\fs22 Appendix A:\tab Documents from CV92-P-10000-S to be Transmitted to Remand Courts\par
}{\plain \f2\fs22 Appendix B:\tab Provisions relating to Retained Experts\par
}\sect \sectd \margbsxn864
{\*\pnseclvl1\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent1980\pnhang{\pntxta .}}
{\*\pnseclvl2\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent1980\pnhang{\pntxta .}}
{\*\pnseclvl3\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent1980\pnhang{\pntxta .}}
{\*\pnseclvl4\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent1980\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}
{\*\pnseclvl5\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent1980\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}
{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent1980\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}
{\*\pnseclvl7\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent1980\pnhang{\pntxta .}}
{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent1980\pnhang{\pntxta .}}
{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent1980\pnhang}

\pard \fi-1980\li1980\tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360 
{\plain \f2\fs22 APPENDIX A\tab \tab DOCUMENTS FROM CV92-P-10000-S TO BE TRANSMITTED TO REMAND 
COURTS\par
}\pard \tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360
{\plain \f2\fs22 \par
}{\plain \f2\fs22 \par
}{\plain \f2\fs22 Order No. 1\tab \tab Initial Case Management Order; entered June 26, 1992\par
}{\plain \f2\fs22 Order No. 2\tab \tab Designation of Liaison Counsel; entered August 24, 1992\par
}{\plain \f2\fs22 Order No. 3\tab \tab Extension of Opt-Out period for }{\plain \i\f2\fs22 Dante }{\plain \f2\fs22 class; entered September 8, 1992\par
}\pard \fi-1980\li1980\tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360 
{\plain \f2\fs22 Order No. 5\tab \tab Revised Case Management Order; entered September 15, 1992, but with most 
current versions of Exhibits B (Service List) and C (Plaintiffs\'92 National Steering 
Committee)\par
}\pard \tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360
{\plain \f2\fs22 Order No. 6\tab \tab Requiring production of certain Baxter documents; entered September 25,1992\par
}{\plain \f2\fs22 Order No. 7\tab \tab Modification/Clarification of Order No.5; entered October 6, 1992\par
}\pard \fi-1980\li1980\tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360 
{\plain \f2\fs22 Order No. 8\tab \tab Restrictions on direct communications by defendants with class members; entered 
October 16, 1992\par
}\pard \tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360
{\plain \f2\fs22 Order\tab \tab \tab Modifying Order No. 8; entered November 9, 1992\par
}\pard \fi-1980\li1980\tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360 
{\plain \f2\fs22 Order No. 9\tab \tab Modifying service lists, further modifying Order No. 8, and miscellaneous other 
matters; entered January 11, 1993\par
}\pard \tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360
{\plain \f2\fs22 Master Complaint\tab Amended Master/Sample Complaint; filed May 3, 1993\par
}{\plain \f2\fs22 Master Answers\tab (filed seriatum by national defendants)\par
}\pard \fi-2160\li1980\tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360 
{\plain \f2\fs22 Order\tab \tab \tab Governing Expedited Discovery and The Taking of A Videotape Deposition for 
Preservation of Testimony for Trial; entered April 22, 1993\par
}\pard \tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360
{\plain \f2\fs22 Order No. 11\tab \tab Deposition Guidelines; entered June 30, 1993\par
}\pard \fi-1620\li1440\tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360 
{\plain \f2\fs22 Order No. 13\tab \tab Establishing Plaintiffs\'92 Litigation Expense Fund; entered July 23, 1993\par
}\pard \tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360
{\plain \f2\fs22 Order No. 14\tab \tab Order Approving Mentor Settlement; entered September 10, 1993\par
}{\plain \f2\fs22 Order\tab \tab \tab Denying Baxter\'92s Motion to Dismiss; entered November 29, 1993\par
}{\plain \f2\fs22 Order No. 19\tab \tab Confidentiality of class membership information; entered June 7, 1994\par
}\pard \fi-1980\li1980\tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360 
{\plain \f2\fs22 Order\tab \tab \tab Opinion and Final Judgment Global Settlement; entered September 1, 1994\par
}\pard \tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360
{\plain \f2\fs22 Order\tab \tab \tab Granting Corning, Inc.\'92s Summary Judgment; entered April 25, 1995\par
}{\plain \f2\fs22 Order\tab \tab \tab Denying Dow Chemical\'92s Summary Judgment; entered April 25, 1995\par
}{\plain \f2\fs22 Order\tab \tab \tab Denying Bristol-Myers Squibb\'92s Summary Judgment; entered April 25, 1995\par
}{\plain \f2\fs22 Order\tab \tab \tab Granting Scotfoam\'92s Summary Judgment; entered April 25, 1995\par
}{\plain \f2\fs22 Order\tab \tab \tab Granting certain }{\plain \i\f2\fs22 Forum Non Conveniens}{\plain \f2\fs22  motions; entered April 25, 1995\par
}\pard \fi-1980\li1980\tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360 
{\plain \f2\fs22 Order No. 24\tab \tab Granting Surgitek, Inc.\'92s and Cabot Medical Corp.\'92s Summary Judgment; entered 
August 9, 1995\par
}\pard \tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360
{\plain \f2\fs22 Order No. 25\tab \tab Denying Koken\'92s Motion to Dismiss; entered August 10, 1995\par
}{\plain \f2\fs22 Order No. 26\tab \tab Declaring Opt-out Rights and Procedures; entered October 10, 1995\par
}\pard \fi-1980\li1980\tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360 
{\plain \f2\fs22 Order No. 27\tab \tab Approving Revised Settlement Program, with injunctions; entered December 22, 
1995\par
}\pard \fi-1980\li1980\tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360 
{\plain \f2\fs22 Order No. 27A\tab Supplemental items relating to Revised Settlement Program, including listing of 
brand names; filed December 29, 1995\par
}\pard \fi-1980\li1980\tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360 
{\plain \f2\fs22 Order No. 28\tab \tab Denying Dow Chemical\'92s Motion to Reconsider; entered December 26, 1995\par
}\pard \fi-1980\li1980\tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360 
{\plain \f2\fs22 Order\tab \tab \tab Denying General Electric\'92s Motion for Summary Judgment; entered March 20, 1996\par
}\pard \fi-1980\li1980\tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360 
{\plain \f2\fs22 Order No. 30\tab \tab Pretrial and Revised Case Management Order (this order), entered March 25, 1996 
(with Appendix B, entered April 2, 1996)\par
}\pard \tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360
{\plain \f2\fs22 Stipulation\tab \tab Regarding Potential Objections to Documents; to be entered shortly\par
}{\plain \f2\fs22 \par
}\pard \fi-900\li900\tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360 
{\plain \f2\fs22 \tab \tab A single copy of these documents will be provided to each Remand Court, which may, if its  
rules so require, copy these documents for inclusion in the case file of individual actions rather 
than merely filing in a master file for that court.\par
}\sect \sectd \margbsxn864\pgnrestart\pgndec\pgnx6120\pgny15120 
{\*\pnseclvl1\pndec\pnstart1{\pntxta .}}
{\*\pnseclvl2\pnlcltr\pnstart1{\pntxta .}}
{\*\pnseclvl3\pnlcrm\pnstart1{\pntxta .}}
{\*\pnseclvl4\pndec\pnstart1{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}
{\*\pnseclvl5\pnlcltr\pnstart1{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}
{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcrm\pnstart1{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}
{\*\pnseclvl7\pndec\pnstart1{\pntxta .}}
{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1{\pntxta .}}
{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1}

\pard \tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360
{\plain \f2\fs22 APPENDIX B TO ORDER No. 30 (CV 92-P-10000-S)\par
}{\plain \f2\fs22 RETAINED EXPERTS\'97DISCLOSURE, DISCOVERY, AND TESTIMONY\par
}{\plain \f2\fs22 \par
}{\plain \f2\fs22 \tab 1.\tab }{\plain \b\f2\fs22 Scope and Definitions}{\plain \f2\fs22 .  These provisions relate to disclosure of, discovery from, and testimony 
by \'93retained experts,\'94 meaning persons who have been retained or specially employed by plaintiffs or 
defendants (or appointed by a court) to provide evidence under Fed. R. Evid. 702, 703, or 705 (or state 
counterparts) and who are expected to provide such evidence at a trial (or in support of or opposition to 
a potentially dispositive motion).  Absent a stipulation or a court order or rule, these provisions are not 
intended to apply to examining or treating physicians consulted by a plaintiff independent of, and not for 
the purpose of providing testimony relating to, pending or potential breast implant litigation.\par
}{\plain \f2\fs22 \par
}\pard \li450\tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360 
{\plain \f2\fs22 \tab (a)\tab The phrase \'93generic opinions\'94 means opinion testimony under Fed. R. Evid. 702, 703, or 
705 on general subjects, including \'93general causation\'94 issues and issues relating to a defendant\'92s 
conduct.\par
}\pard \tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360
{\plain \f2\fs22 \par
}\pard \li450\tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360 
{\plain \f2\fs22 \tab (b)\tab The phrase \'93case-specific opinions\'94 means opinion testimony under Fed. R. Evid. 702, 
703, or 705 concerning a particular plaintiff's medical claims, device history, or other 
plaintiff\_specific matters.\par
}\pard \tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360
{\plain \f2\fs22 \par
}\pard \li450\tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360 
{\plain \f2\fs22 \tab (c)\tab The phrase \'93trial-perpetuation deposition\'94 means a deposition taken by a party of an expert 
retained or specially employed by that party, intended primarily for presentation at trial by that party 
(or other similarly situated parties) in lieu of (or potentially in lieu of) the expert\'92s testifying }{\plain \i\f2\fs22 ore tenus}{\plain \f2\fs22 .\par
}\pard \tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360
{\plain \f2\fs22 \par
}\pard \li450\tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360 
{\plain \f2\fs22 \tab (d)\tab The phrase \'93discovery deposition\'94 means a deposition taken by a party of an expert 
retained or specially employed by another party, intended primarily to prepare for cross-examination 
either at trial or during a trial-perpetuation deposition.\par
}\pard \tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360
{\plain \f2\fs22 \par
}{\plain \f2\fs22 These provisions apply not only to cases while pending in this court, but also to cases in Remand Courts 
after remand or transfer, subject to the power of a Remand Court to modify or vacate these provisions if 
impermissible under governing law or for good cause shown.  With respect to state court cases never 
removed to federal court, these provisions should also be viewed as binding on national defendants if 
permissible under the governing law of the state and if agreed to by all other parties in such state court 
actions, subject to the power of the state court to modify or vacate these provisions }{\plain \i\f2\fs22 sua sponte}{\plain \f2\fs22  or on 
appropriate motion.\par
}{\plain \f2\fs22 \par
}{\plain \f2\fs22 \tab 2.\tab }{\plain \b\f2\fs22 Pretrial Designation and Disclosure of Retained Expert Testimony}{\plain \f2\fs22 .  In advance of trial, and 
at the times and in the sequence to be set by stipulation or court order or rule, each party shall disclose to 
other parties the identity of each person who may be used at trial (or upon consideration of a motion) as 
a retained expert, indicating whether such person will present only generic opinions, only case-specific 
opinions, or both generic and case-specific opinions, and whether such person\'92s testimony will be presented 
only by means of a previously conducted trial-perpetuation deposition or may be presented }{\plain \i\f2\fs22 ore tenus}{\plain \f2\fs22  at 
trial.  Absent such a stipulation, order, or rule, this designation shall be due from plaintiffs at least 90 days 
in advance of any trial date (or the date the case is to be ready for trial) and from defendants at least 60 
days in advance of such trial or trial readiness date.  The time for disclosing additional retained experts (for 
example, to rebut testimony from a retained expert designated by an adverse party) shall, if permitted by 
the Remand Court, be set by stipulation or court order or rule.\par
}{\plain \f2\fs22 \par
}\pard \li450\tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360 
{\plain \f2\fs22 \tab (a)\tab }{\plain \b\f2\fs22 Report}{\plain \f2\fs22 .  At the time of disclosure, there shall also be provided a written report signed by 
such expert that fully conforms to the requirements of Fed. R. Civ. P. 26(a)(2) (as amended 
December 1, 1993).\par
}\pard \tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360
{\plain \f2\fs22 \par
}\sect \sectd \sbknone\margtsxn1152\margbsxn864 
{\*\pnseclvl1\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent900\pnhang{\pntxta .}}
{\*\pnseclvl2\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent900\pnhang{\pntxta .}}
{\*\pnseclvl3\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent900\pnhang{\pntxta .}}
{\*\pnseclvl4\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent900\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}
{\*\pnseclvl5\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent900\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}
{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent900\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}
{\*\pnseclvl7\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent900\pnhang{\pntxta .}}
{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent900\pnhang{\pntxta .}}
{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent900\pnhang}

\pard \fi-900\li900\tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360 
{\plain \f2\fs22 \tab \tab \tab (1)\tab The report must describe\'97and, to the extent not available in the Document 
Depository or in national journals or publications, must, subject to \'b6 2(a)(4) below, include or 
offer to make available for inspection and copying\'97all materials and data relied upon or used 
by the expert to form the basis of any opinion to be offered, including, but not limited to, all 
unpublished data, reports, studies, slides, medical records, laboratory notebooks, protocols, or 
other materials within the possession, custody, or control of the expert or the designating 
attorney.\par
}\pard \tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360
{\plain \f2\fs22 \par
}\pard \fi-900\li900\tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360 
{\plain \f2\fs22 \tab \tab \tab (2)\tab The report must also indicate the nature and extent of other contracts or agreements 
between the expert and any attorney or party involved in federal or state breast implant litigation.\par
}\pard \tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360
{\plain \f2\fs22 \par
}\pard \fi-900\li900\tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360 
{\plain \f2\fs22 \tab \tab \tab (3)\tab The expert may provide such a report submitted in another breast implant case, but 
must include a signed supplement indicating any changes or additions pertinent to the current 
case and time of submission, as well as information regarding the compensation to be paid in the 
current case.\par
}\pard \tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360
{\plain \f2\fs22 \par
}\pard \fi-900\li900\tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360 
{\plain \f2\fs22 \tab \tab \tab (4)\tab To the extent any materials otherwise required to be produced contain names or 
other identifying information of breast implant recipients or study participants for which other 
parties in a case do not have an identifiable need, such names and identifying information may 
be redacted.  Motions for a protective order (or to compel) arising from requests to keep certain 
information confidential may be made to the trial court.\par
}\pard \tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360
{\plain \f2\fs22 \par
}\pard \li450\tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360 
{\plain \f2\fs22 \tab (b)\tab }{\plain \b\f2\fs22 Limited Report}{\plain \f2\fs22 .  In lieu of the full report required under \'b6 2(a) above, a retained expert 
who, through deposition or trial testimony in another breast implant case, has provided testimony that 
generally reflects the testimony to be given in the current case, may simply identify and adopt by 
reference such earlier deposition or trial testimony and provide a supplement, including such 
additional or changed information (and supporting materials) as needed, when considered with such 
earlier deposition or trial testimony, to comply fully with the requirements of \'b6 2(a)(1-3) above for 
the current case.\par
}\pard \tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360
{\plain \f2\fs22 \par
}\pard \li450\tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360 
{\plain \f2\fs22 \tab (c)\tab }{\plain \b\f2\fs22 Report Not Required if Trial-Perpetuation Depostion to be Used}{\plain \f2\fs22 .  A written report 
under \'b6 2(a) or 2(b) above is not required if the testimony of the retained expert at trial is to be 
presented by means of a trial-perpetuation deposition previously taken in accordance with these 
provisions.\par
}\pard \tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360
{\plain \f2\fs22 \par
}\pard \li450\tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360 
{\plain \f2\fs22 \tab (d)\tab }{\plain \b\f2\fs22 Supplemental Report if Changes Made}{\plain \f2\fs22 .  In the event a retained expert will present 
during direct examination at trial or in a trial-perpetuation deposition any opinions (or the basis, 
reasons, or support for such opinions) that are different from or in addition to those disclosed in the 
written report or in intervening depositions, a supplemental written report, disclosing those changes 
or additions, must be promptly provided to opposing counsel.\par
}\pard \tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360
{\plain \f2\fs22 \par
}{\plain \f2\fs22 3.\tab }{\plain \b\f2\fs22 Discovery Depositions of Retained Experts}{\plain \f2\fs22 .\par
}{\plain \f2\fs22 \par
}\pard \li450\tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360 
{\plain \f2\fs22 \tab (a)\tab }{\plain \b\f2\fs22 Presumptive Limitations and Restrictions}{\plain \f2\fs22 .  Discovery depositions of a retained expert 
taken after entry of this order, whether in this court or in a Remand Court, are subject to the 
following limitations and requirements, with time limits measured by hours of actual testimony.  The 
parties are permitted, and encouraged, to agree to shorter or longer periods as appropriate, and may 
apply to this court (or, after remand or transfer, to a Remand Court) for a modification of time limits 
respecting a particular deposition. The parties are also encouraged, but not required, to conduct 
telephone depositions in appropriate circumstances.\par
}\pard \li900\tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360 
{\plain \f2\fs22 \tab (1)\tab Discovery depositions of retained experts will be permitted only after the appropriate 
report described in \'b6 2 above has been provided and the supporting materials and data, as 
required, have been provided or made available.\par
}\pard \tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360
{\plain \f2\fs22 \par
}\pard \li900\tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360 
{\plain \f2\fs22 \tab (2)\tab Until such time as a retained expert with generic opinions has been deposed in any 
breast implant cases on three or more separate occasions (or for at least two full days), further 
discovery depositions of that person may be scheduled when appropriate, but with a presumptive 
time limit for direct examination of 6 hours.  Direct and cross-examination will not be permitted 
on subjects covered in any earlier depositions except to the extent of any indicated changes or 
additions, or because of newly-published materials or other new opinions, research, or other new 
matters since such prior deposition(s).\par
}\pard \tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360
{\plain \f2\fs22 \par
}\pard \li900\tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360 
{\plain \f2\fs22 \tab (3)\tab After a retained expert with generic opinions has been deposed in breast implant 
litigation on three or more separate occasions (or for at least two full days), further discovery 
depositions of that person will, absent exceptional circumstances shown to this court or a 
Remand Court, be permitted only as follows:\par
}\pard \tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360
{\plain \f2\fs22 \par
}\pard \fi-1440\li1440\tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360 
{\plain \f2\fs22 \tab \tab \tab \tab (A)\tab A supplemental discovery deposition may be conducted if\'97\par
}\pard \tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360
{\plain \f2\fs22 \par
}\pard \fi-1980\li1980\tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360 
{\plain \f2\fs22 \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab (i)\tab a trial-perpetuation deposition of such expert is noticed by the 
proponent of such person\'92s testimony,\par
}\pard \tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360
{\plain \f2\fs22 \par
}\pard \fi-1980\li1980\tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360 
{\plain \f2\fs22 \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab (ii)\tab such expert has not been redeposed or testified at a trial in any breast 
implant case within the preceding 6-month period,\par
}\pard \tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360
{\plain \f2\fs22 \par
}\pard \fi-1980\li1980\tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360 
{\plain \f2\fs22 \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab (iii)\tab such expert, by a supplemental disclosure under \'b6 2(d) above, has 
indicated that, since last testifying or being deposed, the expert has changed or 
additional opinions (or changed or additional bases, reasons, or support for 
opinions), or\par
}\pard \tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360
{\plain \f2\fs22 \par
}\pard \fi-1980\li1980\tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360 
{\plain \f2\fs22 \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab (iv)\tab such expert will be expressing case-specific opinions in addition to 
generic opinions and has not been deposed with respect to such case-specific 
opinions within the preceding 6-month period.\par
}\pard \tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360
{\plain \f2\fs22 \par
}\pard \fi-1440\li1440\tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360 
{\plain \f2\fs22 \tab \tab \tab \tab (B)\tab Any such supplemental deposition will be limited to subjects on which the 
expert\'92s report indicates some changes or additions to prior testimony, or because of 
newly-published materials or other new opinions, research, or other matters that may 
affect such prior testimony.\par
}\pard \tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360
{\plain \f2\fs22 \par
}\pard \fi-1440\li1440\tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360 
{\plain \f2\fs22 \tab \tab \tab \tab (C)\tab Presumptively, direct examination will be limited to a maximum of 3 hours, 
but with an additional 3 hours allowed if the expert is rendering opinions with respect to 
\'93company conduct.\'94  An additional 3 hours of direct examination per plaintiff is 
presumptively permissible if the expert is indicated as having case-specific opinions in 
addition to changed or additional generic opinions.  Dow Chemical shall be entitled to 
depose for 12 hours any plaintiffs' expert expressing an opinion concerning Dow 
Chemical's or Dow Corning's conduct if such expert has not previously been deposed by 
Dow Chemical respecting that conduct.\par
}\pard \tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360
{\plain \f2\fs22 \par
}\pard \fi-900\li900\tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360 
{\plain \f2\fs22 \tab \tab \tab (4)\tab Discovery depositions of retained experts who will be providing case-specific 
opinions (but not generic opinions) may be conducted with respect to such case-specific opinions, 
subject to a presumptive limitation of 3 hours of direct examination per plaintiff.  Any 
supplemental depositions, when justified as a case nears trial, will be limited to 2 hours and to 
subjects not previously covered or to any changes or additions in such testimony.  For case-specific experts expressing causation opinions, these limits are increased to 6 hours per plaintiff, 
with supplemental depositions, when justified, limited to 4 hours.\par
}\pard \tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360
{\plain \f2\fs22 \par
}\pard \li450\tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360 
{\plain \f2\fs22 \tab (b)\tab }{\plain \b\f2\fs22 Conduct of Deposition}{\plain \f2\fs22 .  Discovery depositions of retained experts shall be conducted in 
accordance with Order No. 11 except to the extent inconsistent with these provisions.  The party 
noticing the deposition may, at its election, record the discovery deposition by videotape as well as 
by stenographic means.  If a discovery deposition is being taken because another party has noticed 
a trial-perpetuation deposition, the party who has noticed the trial-perpetuation deposition may 
videotape the discovery deposition only with permission of this Court or a Remand Court or with 
pemission of the party noticing the discovery deposition.\par
}\pard \tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360
{\plain \f2\fs22 \par
}\pard \li450\tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360 
{\plain \f2\fs22 \tab (c)\tab }{\plain \b\f2\fs22 Documentation.}{\plain \f2\fs22   A party taking a discovery deposition of a retained expert (other than 
an expert providing only case-specific opinions), whether in state or federal court, shall provide a 
copy of the transcript, a computer disk of the transcript, and a copy of all exhibits, to the Cincinnati 
Depository.  If the deposition is videotaped, a copy of the videotape shall also be provided to the 
Depository.  The transmittal letter shall identify the court reporter and the person, if any, recording 
the deposition by videotape, and shall be served upon MDL Liaison Counsel for Plaintiffs and for 
Defendants.\par
}\pard \tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360
{\plain \f2\fs22 \par
}\pard \li450\tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360 
{\plain \f2\fs22 \tab (d)\tab }{\plain \b\f2\fs22 Use}{\plain \f2\fs22 .  Although, by definition, a discovery deposition is primarily intended as a means to 
}{\plain \i\f2\fs22 prepare}{\plain \f2\fs22  for cross-examination at trial or at a trial-perpetuation deposition, this does not preclude other 
uses of a discovery deposition under Fed. R. Civ. P. 32(a), Fed. R. Evid. 613 and 801(d)(2), or state 
counterparts.\par
}\pard \tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360
{\plain \f2\fs22 \par
}{\plain \f2\fs22 \tab 4.\tab }{\plain \b\f2\fs22 Trial-Perpetuation Depositions of Retained Experts}{\plain \f2\fs22 .\par
}{\plain \f2\fs22 \par
}\pard \li450\tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360 
{\plain \f2\fs22 \tab (a)\tab }{\plain \b\f2\fs22 Noticing of Trial-Perpetuation Depositions}{\plain \f2\fs22 .  To reduce burdens on retained experts and 
eliminate potential problems that may arise as a result of scheduling conflicts, health considerations, 
or similar problems, any party may notice a trial-perpetuation deposition of any of its retained experts 
for potential use at subsequent trials in lieu of such expert testifying }{\plain \i\f2\fs22 ore tenus}{\plain \f2\fs22 .  The party noticing the 
deposition shall arrange with the witness and with opposing counsel a mutually convenient date on 
which the deposition is to commence, with due regard for the opportunity other parties are afforded 
to take initial or supplemental discovery depositions under \'b6 3 above.  Also, if such expert is expected 
to offer any generic opinions, the deposing party shall serve on Liaison Counsel for Plaintiffs and for 
Defendants a notice of the deposition at least 45 days prior to its being conducted.\par
}\pard \tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360
{\plain \f2\fs22 \par
}\pard \li450\tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360 
{\plain \f2\fs22 \tab (b)\tab }{\plain \b\f2\fs22 Conduct}{\plain \f2\fs22 .  Trial-perpetuation depositions shall be conducted in accordance with Order No. 
11 except to the extent inconsistent with these provisions, and with the right of any party under Fed. 
R. Civ. P. 30(b) (as effective Dec. 1, 1993) to designate the method, or an additional method, for 
recording the deposition.  Split\_screen video technology, with the integration of illustrative exhibits, 
may be used.  A federal or state judge, magistrate, special master or other agreed\_upon referee may 
be designated to preside over the deposition (or otherwise be available) to control the conduct of the 
deposition and to rule on such objections as leading questions, non-responsive answers, and claims 
of privilege.  The parties may agree to take the deposition in topical segments or by subject 
matter\'97}{\plain \i\f2\fs22 e.g.}{\plain \f2\fs22 , direct, cross, redirect, and recross on a single topic before moving to the next subject.\par
}\pard \tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360
{\plain \f2\fs22 \par
}\pard \li450\tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360 
{\plain \f2\fs22 \tab (c)\tab }{\plain \b\f2\fs22 Limitations on Undisclosed Opinions}{\plain \f2\fs22 .  A retained expert will not be permitted during 
direct examination at a trial-perpetuation deposition to express any opinion (or the basis, reasons, or 
support for any opinion) that has not previously been disclosed in reports required under \'b6 2 above 
(or disclosed in a discovery deposition taken under \'b6 3 above) except with respect to matters so recent 
that they could not have been earlier disclosed (in which event other parties should, on request, be 
permitted an appropriate recess or suspension of the deposition before conducting cross-examination).\par
}\pard \tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360
{\plain \f2\fs22 \par
}\pard \li450\tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360 
{\plain \f2\fs22 \tab (d)\tab }{\plain \b\f2\fs22 Effect}{\plain \f2\fs22 .  Taking of a trial-perpetuation deposition under this order does not preclude a party 
from calling (upon notification under \'b6 5(a) below) the deponent to testify }{\plain \i\f2\fs22 ore tenus}{\plain \f2\fs22  at trial, but does 
excuse all parties who want to offer such deposition at trial\'97whether as part of their case-in-chief or 
for impeachment purposes\'97from any requirement to show unavailability of the deponent under Fed. 
R. Civ. P. 32(a) or its state counterpart.\par
}\pard \tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360
{\plain \f2\fs22 \par
}{\plain \f2\fs22 \tab 5.\tab }{\plain \b\f2\fs22 Final Pretrial Identification of Testimony by Retained Experts}{\plain \f2\fs22 .\par
}{\plain \f2\fs22 \par
}\pard \li450\tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360 
{\plain \f2\fs22 \tab (a)\tab }{\plain \b\f2\fs22 Disclosure}{\plain \f2\fs22 .  At the times and in the sequence to be set by stipulation or court order or rule, 
each party shall disclose to other parties the identity of each retained expert whose testimony will be 
offered at trial (and whether such person\'92s testimony will be presented only by means of a previously 
conducted trial-perpetuation deposition or will be presented }{\plain \i\f2\fs22 ore tenus}{\plain \f2\fs22  at trial) and, except for those 
retained experts whose testimony will be presented through a trial-perpetuation deposition, also listing 
any exhibits that will be offered or referred to during the direct examination of such person.  Absent 
such a stipulation, order, or rule, this final designation shall be due concurrently from the parties at 
least 14 days in advance of the trial date.\par
}\pard \tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360
{\plain \f2\fs22 \par
}\pard \li450\tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360 
{\plain \f2\fs22 \tab (b)\tab }{\plain \b\f2\fs22 Limitations on Undisclosed Opinions}{\plain \f2\fs22 .  A retained expert testifying }{\plain \i\f2\fs22 ore tenus}{\plain \f2\fs22  at a trial will 
ordinarily be permitted on direct examination to testify only to those opinions (and only to those bases, 
reasons, and support for those opinions) that have been disclosed by written reports or in depositions 
as indicated in this order.  Any request for relief from this restriction\'97for example because of matters 
presented or to be presented through other witnesses at trial or because of intervening developments 
that could not reasonably have been earlier disclosed\'97shall be made to the trial court.\par
}\pard \tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360
{\plain \f2\fs22 \par
}{\plain \f2\fs22 \tab 6.\tab }{\plain \b\f2\fs22 Costs and Expenses Relating to Retained Experts}{\plain \f2\fs22 .\par
}{\plain \f2\fs22 \par
}\pard \li450\tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360 
{\plain \f2\fs22 \tab (a)\tab }{\plain \b\f2\fs22 Expenses Relating to Taking of Depositions}{\plain \f2\fs22 .  The cost of a discovery or a trial-perpetuation deposition of a retained expert, including the reasonable fees of the deponent in preparing 
for and in participating in the deposition, shall\'97unless the parties otherwise agree\'97be borne by the 
party noticing the deposition.\par
}\pard \tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360
{\plain \f2\fs22 \par
}\pard \li450\tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360 
{\plain \f2\fs22 \tab (b)\tab }{\plain \b\f2\fs22 Cost-Sharing}{\plain \f2\fs22 .\par
}\pard \tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360
{\plain \f2\fs22 \par
}\pard \fi-900\li900\tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360 
{\plain \f2\fs22 \tab \tab \tab (1)\tab A plaintiff who, under \'b6 2 or \'b6 5 above, designates for potential use at trial the trial-perpetuation deposition of a retained expert noticed and conducted by and at the expense of the 
Plaintiffs\'92 National Steering Committee shall pay to the PSC a charge of $1,500 (per implant 
recipient), whether or not the deposition is ultimately used during such a trial.  Except to the 
extent such charge is, by agreement between the PSC and the expert, to be paid as a fee to the 
retained expert\'97a matter that can be inquired into during examination of the retained expert\'97any 
such charge paid by a plaintiff will reduce and be credited against any other charge that might 
be imposed under Order No. 13 against any gross recovery obtained by the plaintiff through trial 
or settlement.  The defendants, who are obliged to notify the PSC of any such designation, may 
require a plaintiff, as a condition to use at trial of such a deposition, to demonstrate that the 
required charge has been paid to the PSC.\par
}\pard \fi-900\li900\tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360 
{\plain \f2\fs22 \tab \tab \tab (2)\tab A defendant who, under \'b6 2 or \'b6 5 above, designates for potential use at trial the 
trial-perpetuation deposition of a retained expert noticed and conducted by and at the expense 
of another defendant shall pay to such other defendant an appropriate charge to be agreed upon 
by the defendants, whether or not the deposition is ultimately used during such a trial.  Any 
agreement to pay portions of such charges to the retained expert may be inquired into during 
examination of such retained expert.\par
}\pard \tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360
{\plain \f2\fs22 \par
}{\plain \f2\fs22 \par
}{\plain \f2\fs22 So ORDERED, this the 2nd day of April, 1996, for attachment as Appendix B to Order No. 30.\par
}{\plain \f2\fs22 \par
}\pard \tx-1080\tx0\tx450\tx900\tx1440\tx1980\tx2520\tx3150\tx3690\tx4680\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360
{\plain \f2\fs22 \par
}{\plain \f2\fs22 \par
}{\plain \f2\fs22 \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab }{\plain \ulw\f2\fs22   Sam C. Pointer, Jr. /s/                                      }{\plain \f2\fs22 \par
}{\plain \f2\fs22 \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab United States District Judge\par
}{\plain \f2\fs22 \par
}}  6a
'0