{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang4108{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f1\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Liberation Serif;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.21.2510;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\kerning1\b\f0\fs22 PEC press release \i (communiqu\'e9 en fran\'e7ais apr\'e8s l'anglais)\b0\i0\f1\fs24\par
\b\i\f0\fs22\par
\i0\par
PEC Award 2016\b0\f1\fs24\par
\lang1033\b\f0\fs22 The PEC Award 2016 goes to the Foundation for Freedom in Russia \lang4108\b0\f1\fs24\par
\lang1033\b\f0\fs22\par
\b0 Geneva, June 6 (PEC) \endash  The PEC Award 2016 is dedicated to the situation of freedom of expression in Russia. The PEC Award committee for the defense of journalists handed the award on Monday to \b Zhanna Nemtsova\b0  the eldest daughter of \b Boris Nemtsov,\b0  a Russian opposition leader killed on 27 February 2015 at the Kremlin Walls. The award was designated to the Foundation that she created last year.  \lang4108\f1\fs24\par
\lang1033\f0\fs22\par
\b Zhanna Nemtsova\b0 , a journalist specialised in economic affairs, was forced to leave Russia in May 2015 and went to Germany where she works at Deutsche Welle. She runs her own show the "Nemtsova.Interview". In 2015 she created the Foundation Boris Nemtsov for freedom supporting those who fight for the democratic rights in Russia in memory of her father\rquote s political heritage. Prior to the death of her father, Zhanna Nemtsova worked for the Russian TV channel RBC. \lang4108\f1\fs24\par
\lang1033\f0\fs22\par
At the Award ceremony at the Swiss Press Club in Geneva, \b Zhanna Nemtsova\b0  said that \ldblquote all mass media in Russia are now controlled by the Vladimir Poutin regime. It is a dangerous trend which could lead to an information vacuum. I believe firmly in the freedom of information to guarantee the economic, social and political development of any country.\rdblquote   \lang4108\f1\fs24\par
\lang1033\f0\fs22\par
On behalf of the PEC Award Committee, \b PEC Secretary-General Blaise Lempen \b0 noted that the choice of the daughter of \b Boris Nemtsov\b0  for the PEC annual award was designated as a symbol.\lang4108\f1\fs24\par
\lang1033\f0\fs22\par
\ldblquote A symbol of the defense of freedom of the press against the abusive power of any regime that does not accept criticism. The development of the situation in Russia is worrying and calls for deploring several repressive measures against the media in the past months,\rdblquote  added \b Lempen.\b0  \lang4108\f1\fs24\par
\lang1033\f0\fs22\par
In addition, he said, Russia has a pivotal role at the international level, especially in the Ukraine and Syria conflicts. \lang4108\f1\fs24\par
\lang1033\f0\fs22\par
\ldblquote Which makes its role more important in preserving freedom of expression and that Moscow assumes its responsibility for the protection of media during conflicts,\rdblquote  noted \b Lempen. \lang4108\b0\f1\fs24\par
\lang1033\f0\fs22\par
The PEC defends all journalists regardless of their nationality or political affiliation. In 2014, Russian journalists were killed in Ukraine and the PEC condemned those attacks. \lang4108\f1\fs24\par
\lang1033\f0\fs22\par
\b During 2015, 135 journalists were killed in 33 countries. Since the beginning of this year from January to May 49 journalists were killed while on duty. \lang4108\b0\f1\fs24\par
\lang1033\b\f0\fs22\par
The PEC calls upon all governments that such crimes undergo quick independent and impartial investigations and that the perpetrators of those crimes are brought to justice.   \lang4108\b0\f1\fs24\par
\lang1033\b\f0\fs22\par
PEC President Hedayat Abdel Nabi \b0 noted this is a moment of remembrance for all the fallen journalists in the line of duty.\b  Abdel Nabi \b0 added it is an annual wake up call to work for legal binding rules to protect journalists in conflict zones and other dangerous situations.   \lang4108\f1\fs24\par
\lang1033\f0\fs22  \lang4108\f1\fs24\par
\lang1033\f0\fs22 The PEC award 2016 is sponsored by the City of Geneva\b .\b0  The Award goes every year to a public figure or organisation that works for the protection of journalists for the previous year.   \lang4108\f1\fs24\par
\lang1033\f0\fs22\par
In \b 2015\b0  the Award was designated to the situation in Ukraine and the efforts of Mrs. Dunja Mijatovic, representative of the freedom of the media at the Organisation of security and Cooperation (OSCE) in Europe and Mrs. Liudmyla Zlobina, Director of Kiev Information Center - Crimean Center for Investigative Reporting. \lang4108\f1\fs24\par
\lang1033\f0\fs22\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sl240\slmult1\lang4108 The Award was given in \b 2014\b0  to the Swiss Foundation Hirondelle for its role in Central African Republic; in \b 2013\b0  to Media Cartoonist from Honduras, Allan McDonald and Ileana Alamilla, Director of the Centre for Information on Guatemala (Cerigua), the Austrian and Swiss Ambassadors to the UN in Geneva; in \b 2012\b0  to the representative of the Syrian Democrats \cf1 Dr Tawfik Chamaa and in absentia the director of the Syrian Center for media and freedom of expression (SCM) Mazen Darwish; in \b 2011\b0  to the\b  \b0 President of the Tunisian syndicate of journalists Neji Bghouri, to Ahmed Abdelaziz, representing the bloggers of the revolution of Egypt and to Khaled Saleh, on behalf of the NGO Libyan Human Rights Solidarity (LHRS); in \b 2010 \b0 to the families of the 32 slain journalists in the 23 November 2009 Maguindanao massacre in the Philippines, and earmarked to the Center for Media Freedom and Responsibility (CMFR) fund; in \b 2009\b0  to the Palestinian Center for development and media freedom (MADA) and the first President of the Human Rights Council and Ambassador of Mexico to the UN in Geneva Luis Alfonso de Alba.\cf0\f1\fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\cf1\lang1033\f0\fs22\par
\par
For more info on the PEC Award please consult: \cf0\lang4108\f1\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.pressemblem.ch/" }}{\fldrslt{\cf2\ul\f0\fs22 www.pressemblem.ch}}}\cf0\ulnone\f1\fs24\par
\cf2\ul\f0\fs22\par
\cf1\ulnone\par
\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b Communiqu\'e9 Prix PEC 2016\cf0\b0\f1\fs24\par
\cf1\b\f0\fs22 Le Prix PEC 2016 d\'e9cern\'e9 \'e0 la Fondation pour la libert\'e9 en Russie\cf0\b0\f1\fs24\par
\cf1\f0\fs22 Gen\'e8ve 6 juin 2016 (PEC) Le prix PEC est consacr\'e9 cette ann\'e9e \'e0 la situation de la libert\'e9 de la presse en Russie. Le comit\'e9 directeur de l'ONG de d\'e9fense des journalistes l'a remis lundi \'e0 Gen\'e8ve \'e0 la Fondation cr\'e9\'e9e par \b Zhanna Nemtsova, \b0 fille a\'een\'e9e de \b Boris Nemtsov\b0 , opposant russe assassin\'e9 le 27 f\'e9vrier 2015 devant les murs du Kremlin.\cf0\f1\fs24\par
\cf1\f0\fs22 Economiste de formation, journaliste, \b Zhanna Nemtsova \b0 a \'e9t\'e9 oblig\'e9e de quitter la Russie en mai 2015 pour l'Allemagne o\'f9 elle travaille pour Deutsche Welle depuis ao\'fbt avec sa propre \'e9mission: "Nemtsova.Interview". Elle a cr\'e9\'e9 l'an dernier la Fondation pour la libert\'e9 qui soutient ceux qui luttent pour les droits d\'e9mocratiques en Russie en souvenir du courage et de l'h\'e9ritage politique de son p\'e8re. Avant la mort tragique de son p\'e8re, Zhanna Nemtsova avait travaill\'e9 en Russie pour la cha\'eene de t\'e9l\'e9vision priv\'e9e RBC.\cf0\f1\fs24\par
\cf1\f0\fs22 En recevant le prix PEC lors d'une conf\'e9rence au Club suisse de la presse \'e0 Gen\'e8ve, la journaliste russe a d\'e9clar\'e9: "Tous les m\'e9dias de masse russes sont maintenant sous le contr\'f4le du r\'e9gime de Vladimir Poutine. C'est une tendance dangereuse qui peut cr\'e9er potentiellement un vide de l'information en Russie. Je crois fermement en la libert\'e9 de l'information pour garantir le d\'e9veloppement \'e9conomique, social et politique de n'importe quel pays".\cf0\f1\fs24\par
\cf1\f0\fs22 "Nous avons choisi la fille de Boris Nemtsov pour recevoir le prix annuel d\'e9cern\'e9 par la PEC pour la Protection des Journalistes car elle est un symbole. Un symbole de la d\'e9fense de la libert\'e9 de la presse face aux abus de n'importe quel pouvoir qui n'accepte pas la critique. L'\'e9volution de la situation en Russie est inqui\'e9tante et nous devons d\'e9plorer plusieurs mesures r\'e9pressives contre des m\'e9dias ces derniers mois", a d\'e9clar\'e9\b  le secr\'e9taire g\'e9n\'e9ral de la PEC Blaise Lempen.\cf0\b0\f1\fs24\par
\cf1\f0\fs22 "En outre, la Russie joue un r\'f4le de premier plan au niveau international, en particulier dans les conflits en Ukraine et en Syrie. Il est d'autant plus important que la libert\'e9 d'expression y soit pr\'e9serv\'e9e et que Moscou assume ses responsabilit\'e9s envers la protection des m\'e9dias dans des contextes de crise", a ajout\'e9 \b M. Lempen\b0 .\cf0\f1\fs24\par
\cf1\f0\fs22 La PEC d\'e9fend tous les journalistes, quelle que soit leur nationalit\'e9 ou leur ob\'e9dience. En 2014, des journalistes russes ont \'e9t\'e9 tu\'e9s en Ukaine et la PEC avait condamn\'e9 ces attaques.\cf0\f1\fs24\par
\cf1\b\f0\fs22 L'an dernier, 135 journalistes ont \'e9t\'e9 tu\'e9s dans 33 pays. Depuis le d\'e9but de cette ann\'e9e, en cinq mois, 49 journalistes ont p\'e9ri en raison de leur m\'e9tier. La PEC demande \'e0 tous les gouvernements de faire en sorte que ces meurtres soient rapidement l'objet d'enqu\'eates ind\'e9pendantes et impartiales et que leurs auteurs soient poursuivis en justice.\cf0\b0\f1\fs24\par
\cf1\b\f0\fs22 La pr\'e9sidente de la PEC Hedayat Abdel Nabi \b0 a affirm\'e9 que la remise du prix PEC est un moment de recueillement pour tous les journalistes tu\'e9s en exer\'e7ant leur m\'e9tier dans le monde. \b Abdel Nabi \b0 a ajout\'e9 que c'est un appel renouvel\'e9 \'e0 travailler pour des r\'e8gles contraignantes prot\'e9geant les journalistes dans les zones de conflit et en mission dangereuse.\cf0\f1\fs24\par
\cf1\f0\fs22 Le Prix PEC 2016 est soutenu financi\'e8rement par la Ville de Gen\'e8ve. Il est d\'e9cern\'e9 chaque ann\'e9e \'e0 une personnalit\'e9 ou une organisation qui a travaill\'e9 pour la protection des journalistes au cours de l'ann\'e9e \'e9coul\'e9e.\cf0\f1\fs24\par
\cf1\f0\fs22 En \b 2015, \b0 le prix a \'e9t\'e9 consacr\'e9 \'e0 la situation en Ukraine et a r\'e9compens\'e9 les efforts de Madame Dunja Mijatovic, repr\'e9sentante pour la libert\'e9 des m\'e9dias de l'Organisation pour la s\'e9curit\'e9 et la coop\'e9ration en Europe (OSCE) et de Madame Liudmyla Zlobina, directrice de l'Information Press Center et du Crimean Center for Investigative Reporting \'e0 Kiev.\cf0\f1\fs24\par
\cf1\f0\fs22 Le prix PEC a \'e9t\'e9 donn\'e9 en \b 2014\b0  \'e0 la Fondation suisse Hirondelle active en Centrafrique; en \b 2013\b0  au dessinateur du Honduras Allan McDonald et \'e0 la directrice du Centre pour l\rquote Information au Guatemala (Cerigua), Ileana Alamilla; en \b 2012 \b0 au repr\'e9sentant des D\'e9mocrates syriens le Dr Tawfik Chamaa et en son absence au directeur du Centre syrien pour les m\'e9dias et la libert\'e9 d\rquote expression Mazen Darwish; en \b 2011\b0 , au pr\'e9sident du syndicat tunisien des journalistes Neji Bghouri, au repr\'e9sentant des bloggeurs de la r\'e9volution en Egypte Ahmed Abdelaziz et \'e0 Khaled Saleh, repr\'e9sentant de l\rquote ONG libyenne Libyan Human Rights Solidarity (LHRS); en \b 2010\b0  aux familles des 32 journalistes assassin\'e9s le 23 novembre 2009 \'e0 Maguindanao aux Philippines et au Fonds du Centre pour la libert\'e9 et la responsabilit\'e9 des m\'e9dias (CMFR) \'e0 Manille; en\b  2009 \b0 au Centre palestinien pour le d\'e9veloppement et la libert\'e9 des m\'e9dias (MADA) \'e0 Ramallah.\cf0\f1\fs24\par
\cf1\f0\fs22\par
Plus d\rquote infos sur la page sp\'e9ciale PEC AWARD du site de la PEC\~: \cf2\ul{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "www.pressemblem.ch"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2 www.pressemblem.ch}}}\cf0\ulnone\f1\fs24\par
\cf1\f0\fs22\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\cf0\f1\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.pressemblem.ch/" }}{\fldrslt{}}}\f1\fs24\par
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\lang12\kerning0\f2\fs22\par
}
   d\0.
}5r´
°y
n