{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\nouicompat{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue255;}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.10586}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang29 2016 STRIPE EVERLASTING XYZ TUTORIAL + BINS\par
\par
Things Needed\par
 Bank Drop w/ SSN (FULLZ)!!\par
 Stripe Account\par
 Semi-Aged/Good Setup Website\par
 Payment For Stripe App (Via App Store)(Not Needed But Recommended\par
 VPN\par
 Cards with a 90%+ Validity Rate\par
 1-3 Prepaid Cards With $40+ On Them To Start With Or Surefire Cards\par
\par
[X] SETTING UP STRIPE (BEGINNING TO END) [X]\par
\par
1. Create A Stripe Account ({{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK www.stripe.com }}{\fldrslt{www.stripe.com\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22 ) on a fullz data. Use a throwaway email that you have access to.\par
2. Create a eCommerce Website. Do not leave it empty. Add some products. Fix the site. Make it look as legit as possible as if its ready to go into business. I recommend SQUARESPACE as they are partnered with Stripe so, it gives an easy pass when they look into it. Put a product release date for your site (will be explained later). There is a monthly fee of about $20 for SQUARESPACE.\par
3. Link your Website & Stripe together by filling out the application for it. This is usually instantly approved but, do not start instantly carding. Wait until the release date posted on your site to start. Could be a day later or a month later. Its all up to you.\par
4. There are THREE ways to card Stripe?1) Payment For Stripe (iPhone App)  This app allows you to charge any card any amount with nothing but the Card Number, Exp Date & CVV. With a VPN, this is a golden ticket. Dont forget to add Description as it makes it look more legit. For Example  High Fashion Sneakers Sz 41 or whatever you may sell on your site. Always make the description correlate with your site.?2) Through The Website  You can simple upload and buy products through the website. This requires more work because, you might want to use a SOCK5 just for legitimate reasons and to make it as untraceable as possible. ?3) Through The Stripe Site  Stripe allows you to create transactions directly through the site. This (in my opinion) is the dumbest way to go because only you have access to your account. It would take a lot of talking to convince anyone that it wasnt you when only you could do such a thing.\par
5. When youve figured out how youre going to go about this, add your bank drop to the Stripe account. Take note you will need the last 4 SSN digits of the owner of the bank drop. It verifies instantly if all information is valid  EXTRA INFORMATION  Stripe is an ACH (Automated Clearing House) meaning that they can deposit money & withdraw money from an account with ease at any time. Meaning you should never use your own account unless you plan on closing it soon and can afford to fuck it up.\par
6. Your first 1-4 Stripe Transactions cannot fail. You either need very high valid cards that you have faith in or buy prepaid cards with $20 or more on them and charge those at different time periods. If your cards do happen to fail, youve now put your account in high risk and should stop instantly and retry in a week or so IF they decide to keep your account.\par
7. After your first flawless transfers, you will receive the money in 5-7 business days. After you get that transfer, your account is now enabled to get 2 Day (Overnight) transfers. Sounds great and all but, you will need to turn off these automatic rolling transfers, make it manual and make sure you keep back 10%-20% (About $1000-$1500) of what is earned to cover all quick chargebacks. Using manual transfers also gives you the option to send money off to different bank drops but never forget to keep 10% - 20% so they dont take money from your drop account!!\par
8. Gradually increase with the amounts, $800 transfers one week, $2000 transfers the next and so on.\par
9. The longevity of your account is only as great as the cards you use. The less declined payments, the more luck youll have with Stripe.\par
\par
[Y] CREATING A SQUARESPACE & LINKING IT TO STRIPE [Y]\par
\par
(INFO) Squarespace is an easy online website builder that makes this method much easier. It is not REQUIRED that you use SquareSpace but, in my opinion it has been the reason for my fastest verifications. Its partnered with Stripe so, it makes filling out the information on the application much simpler.\par
\par
1. Create SquareSpace Account & Site. Its Free but, when you want to take it live and also make it an eCommerce store you must pay the $30 a month for the basic plan.\par
2. Once you create your site, modify it to your liking. Add pictures. Add products. Create an aesthetic within your website. Use high resolution pictures. Use real information dont just bullshit through everything.\par
3. Once youve fixed up your site, added about 3-6 products and think it looks picture perfect, were going to link the SquareSpace to the Stripe account.\par
4. Go to Settings>Checkout>Connect Stripe\par
5. Since you have a Stripe account, just click Sign In.\par
6. Once youve signed in, you must now fill out your application. THIS IS IMPORTANT.\par
7. This is where your Fullz come in handy. Put the name, date of birth and last 4 SSN digits from the full into the Your Personal Details section.\par
8. For Credit Card Statement Details stay along the lines of what you named your shop. It would set off an odd flag if your business was called BOBBYS ROSES and the Business Name was Fuck Yourself. Also, but a valid # for the phone. Preferably the number on the fullz.\par
9. Link your bank drop to the account, enter the email & password used then authorize access.\par
10. You then should be verified and enabled to enable live orders on your site meaning you can now begin the cash out.\par
\par
\par
[Z] CASHING OUT BANK DROPS [Z]\par
\par
(INFO) Bank Drops are burner bank accounts where the money goes into and is cashed out for your own personal profit.\par
\par
Cashing Out Bank Drops is the hardest part of process. Youve found your drop. Youve entered it successfully. Got the funds in. Now you want to use the money right? Well, there are many ways you can do this and ill let you know how.\par
\par
 ATM Card Cashout\par
 Prepaid Card Cashout\par
 BTC Cashout\par
 Bank Transfer Cashout\par
\par
ATM Card Cashout: If your bank drop came with an ATM card, you are in the biggest amount of luck. This is the most simplest way to cash out any drop because its not time consuming and its reliable because you are in full control. Your bank drop is full and you are ready to cashout and disband it. Lets talk about ways to stay safe doing so.\par
ALWAYS USE GLOVES AND WEAR CLOTHES YOU NEVER WEAR  You are taking the virtual to reality now. Your fingerprints, face and wear all play a part in this now. Try to stay away from ATMs with a lot of cameras and dont let your in and out mentality override logic. Always make sure your fingers never touch the keypad or the touch screen and make sure you always wear a major accessory such as sunglasses, scarf, etc. Something that looks fashionable and not being worn for coverup purposes.\par
DISBAND OF CARD AFTER CASHOUT  Simply, never look back. Chop the card up. Burn it. Make sure it does not exist. The worst thing to be caught having as a credit card scammer is a bunch of ATM cards. Always make sure youre covering your tracks so no one can retrace them!\par
TRY TO ONLY USE FOR $$$ CASHOUT  We all love clothes, technology and daily life. Hey, I have $20K. Why not go shop at Nordstrom? Because, you want the least amount of traces possible with fraudulent cards. Im not saying you cant go buy a MacBook or Clothes Or Food with the card but, I would never recommend widening your area of scamming. Try to keep it minimum and focus on the cash.\par
GO FAR TO CASHOUT  You should never go to your local gas station or banks. They will see you a lot. Take your car, go a couple towns/cities over, park it around the block and proceed to cashout. Never eat with you shit at.\par
\par
Prepaid Card Cashout: If youre unable to get your hands on an ATM card, its okay. There is another physical way you can do this and a less harmful way as well.\par
3rd Party ACH Processing Sites: The same way Stripe can collect and deposit into your drop, you can do the same. With a website like, PaySimple you can collect money from the drop using ACH, then send off the money from your ACH processor to your prepaid debit card. There is a difference between prepaid debit and gift cards. DO NOT TRY TO CASHOUT USING VISA GIFT CARDS. YOU CANNOT WITHDRAW MONEY FROM THE ATM WITH VISA GIFT CARDS.\par
By doing this, you climate the risk of a chargeback on your card. Leaving all your laundering behind and nothing but a cashout paradise. This is the 2nd easiest way to cashout a bank drop.\par
\par
\par
BTC Cashout: There are many websites that allow you to buy Bitcoins with your Bank Account such as Coinbase. Bank Drops in 2016 DO work with Coinbase if you are enabled to set it up right with the Fake ID and all. A Bitcoin Cashout is the most reliable and anonymous because it stays within a criteria & is all virtual. There are two ways to cashout for BTC.\par
1. Use Coinbase  Set up an account with your FULLZ information and age it and use it very minimally so by the time you are ready to cashout thousands with it you wont be flagged. From your Coinbase, you can then transfer those funds to a scrambler then to another wallet and sell them via LocalBitcoins or using a Bitcoin ATM.\par
2. Use A Cashout Service  This is the easiest and most anonymous way to cashout any drop. People will cashout your drop for a fee. Wether it be 30% or 10%. Then they send you your portion of BTC and you go about cashing it out like you would with any of your regular earned bitcoins. The fees do suck but, it is recommended for people who dont have much experience on cashing out drops to do because honestly, would you rather lose a couple hundred or burn your bank drop completely? Thats what I thought.\par
\par
Bank Transfer Cashout: Simply use your bank drop to transfer funds to another account then to your main account. This way the money is scrambled and laundered correctly. I dont recommend doing this because its very traceable and quite dumb if you ask me. Stick to the first two and only use this as a last resort unless you have a crazy plan to make this work full proof.\par
\par
EVERLASTING METHOD\par
\par
After my Stripe first account hit the fan, an email came in saying how chargebacks could not be over 1% of all gross sales. So, I thought to myself, meaning for everyone 1 Card, youd need 99 non chargeback transactions but, they only call you out for it once your chargeback rate is about @ 30%. My theory is to buy $1000 worth of $20 Gift Cards then set up a reoccurring payment system with each for about $5 each day for about 10 cards per week.\par
Thats 40 transactions that wont be charged back. Drastically lowering your chargeback rate. If you have 20 successful carded payments of 400 thats $8000 a day + a slower chargeback rate because smaller payments take longer to chargeback + money in your account from the manual transfer method so, all disputes can be handled quickly and easily.\par
\par
You can even up your subscriptions and make it 80 cards a week. You can use VCC if you dont want to make things too hot or physical but, the plan is surefire only because your account can be flooded with chargebacks and complaints. If your percentage rate is in order, Stripe will never come trying to close down your account.\par
\par
I have tested out this method with a friend (until he got lazy and stopped) and we totaled a final amount of about 30K from Stripe but, they will soon catch on if it goes public and everyone starts attempting this. Use while still good.\par
\par
Ideal Charge Per Card: $280 - $400\par
Ideal Charges Per Day: 6 - 15\par
Ideal Cash Out Amount: $2000 - $4000\par
Ideal QUICK CHARGEBACK Safety Fund Amount: $3000\par
Best Cards For Stripe When Valid: American Express & Discover\par
\par
FAQ\par
\par
Q: Why cant I use my own bank account/open one and use it?\par
A: Because, all of these online services are done by ACH (explained above). So you can technically use your bank account but once your account gets flagged, they will take back all the money and there isnt a thing you can do about it. Then once you close off your account, it looks as if fraud is taking place so, be cautious if you ever do use your own bank account which I would NEVER EVER recommend.\par
\par
Q: Dont prepaid cards set off flags via Stripe?\par
A: Ive been hearing a lot of this talk and it puzzles me only because in 2016, ive used simple prepaid cards straight from Walgreens on a lot of my accounts and it has worked flawlessly. Visa to be exact and the provider truly doesnt matter. If you do use prepaid cards and it does set off a flag, contact me and I will look more into it for you,\par
\par
Q: Why do you recommend Amex & Discover Cards for Stripe? Do they really work?\par
A: I recommend them because most of the time Discover Network And American Express have more money on them but not only that, a higher success rate. You see, the cards are basically passing without any major verification when using the Payment For Stripe App. If the money is on the card and there are no flags on the card of itself. It will work. Discover And Amex usually have higher balances than the standard MC or VISA. With the 601100 Discover Bin from a good vendor, your account will last for a while.\par
\par
Q: How do YOU recommend cashing out your Bank Drops?\par
A: BD>BTC.\par
This is how most if not all Bank Drop Cash Out services work. Scramble your bitcoins a little bit and youll be just find in the end. Once you have your BTC from Bank Drop. I recommend selling them via LocalBitCoins or even selling them to a BTC ATM for low amounts (Under $500) so you dont set off any flags.\par
The easiest way to cash out a Bank Drop is if you have the ATM Card but for a lot of people, that isnt the case.\par
\par
Q: If I dont live in the US, will this work?\par
A: Yes. You just need a US bank drop and someone reliable to cash it out for you.\par
\par
Q: Should I use Vip72 For SOCK5s?\par
A: No. A lot of their socks are no good and will only kill your drops and a lot of everything else you do carding.\par
\par
Q: How long should I let my Stripe age before using it?\par
A: Anywhere from 2 days to 2 weeks.\par
The thing that gets majority of people caught is, the open up a fresh drop, a fresh stripe and instantly go at it for thousands. That is not how this works. Your validity is only as good as your patience. The longer you wait, the better the turnout will be in the long run.\par
\par
Q: Should I use an RDP (Remote Desktop Protocol) for my Drop?\par
A: I know its usually recommended on the DW but, NO.\par
Unless your bank drop comes with a CLEAN RDP then I do not recommend it. A lot of these RDPs For Sale are nothing but red flags and will kill your bank drop before you even get to use them. A lot of SOCK5s as well. Your best bet is to always find the most private and global VPN and work around that because I promise you, A LOT of these RDPs run off of these VPN servers so essentially, people are sometimes paying for something they couldve gotten for 10% of the price.\par
\par
Q: Does everything have to be under my FULLZ? (IP, Stripe, Bank)\par
A: It helps to see name correlation within the process but, no. It is not needed to but it is recommended just for safety. Always start off with a solo VPN serve. Never be in Mass. one day and Texas the next. Use logic and you will always be okay.\par
\par
Q: What type of bank drop do you recommend?\par
A: Business Bank Drops because they have a higher limit than personals. They will last you longer and take way longer to burn out.\par
Bank Of America, Wells Fargo, Etc.\par
Any with online banking so you can closely monitor it.\par
Chase is very secure though, just a heads up.\par
\par
Q: What personal information would I need for my drop so I can look for the correct type of FULLZ.\par
A: Address, Date Of Birth, Mothers Maiden Name, Social Security Number, Home/Cell Phone Number.\par
Any extra information you may need such as previous addresses, places theyve resided in, etc can easily be found once you have the major information or for a small fee on the DeepWeb. Dont panic if your FULL does not contain all the information you may need.\par
\par
Q: My Stripe Got A Chargeback, Am I Screwed?\par
A: Until you get an email stating that they can no longer accept payments from your account then you are okay. Keep going because as time goes on, the chargebacks will come in masses. Always remember to keep the safety fund in your Stripe account so you never have to worry about money coming out of your Bank Drop.\par
\par
\par
\par
E9FB6657-DE72-47BC-893B-FC5103EAD9AD.png \par
\par
THIS CAN BE YOU. EARNED THIS FROM ONE STRIPE IN A COUPLE OF WEEKS. JUST PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT AND DONT DO TOO MUCH TOO QUICKLY.\par
\par
STRIPE BINS\par
ALL PLATINUM DISCOVER CARDS HAVE A HIGH SUCCESS RATE [95%+]\par
\par
601100\par
424631\par
488893\par
547415\par
470792\par
470793\par
473190\par
542422\par
426690\par
514021\par
439708\par
375150\par
}
  !
f\