{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\fromtext \fbidis \deff0{\fonttbl
{\f0\fswiss Arial;}
{\f1\fmodern Courier New;}
{\f2\fnil\fcharset2 Symbol;}
{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier New;}}
{\colortbl\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;}
\uc1\pard\plain\deftab360 \f0\fs20 Dear Ms. Sorphea,\par
\par
 \par
\par
Thanks for your email, please kindly take note as bellow for our elevator\par
power supply:\par
\par
 \par
\par
Cargo Lift :\par
\par
-          3Phase Cable Line (16x4)type need to run to the top of Machine\par
Room at where is the elevator located.\par
\par
-          Current Amp: 44.7Amp/Unit\par
\par
-          Power rating: 22kw/Unit\par
\par
 \par
\par
Passenger Lift:\par
\par
-          3Phase Cable Line (16x4)type need to run to the Machine Room at\par
where is the elevator located.\par
\par
-          Current Amp: 22Amp/Unit\par
\par
-          Power rating: 10kw/Unit\par
\par
 \par
\par
Please feel free to contact me if you have other information.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Thank you\par
\par
 \par
\par
Sincerely,\par
\par
Pheng Sakana\par
\par
Managing Director\par
\par
Tel: 017-907 507\par
\par
 \par
\par
Description: Document3\par
\par
 \par
\par
 \par
\par
Thank you very much for your inquiry. "Fuji Elevator Makes You Satisfied."\par
We shall provide you best price and nice service for your more comfortable\par
life and work. \par
\par
 \par
\par
From: venture-sorphea [mailto:venture-sorphea@online.com.kh] \par
Sent: Wednesday, May 18, 2016 11:35 AM\par
To: YHSC-Fuji-Sales\par
Cc: venture; 'vc-Cheng'; vc-Boream; VC-George Pejan; 'VC-Tola'\par
Subject: RE: PP YHS - RFI No.09 - Request for Information\par
\par
 \par
\par
1st Reminder\par
\par
 \par
\par
YHSC\par
\par
 \par
\par
Power Rating (A) for Cargo Lift/Passenger Lift\par
\par
 \par
\par
Dear Ms. PHENG SAKNA,\par
\par
 \par
\par
Your prompt replied is appreciated.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Regards,\par
\par
Sorphea (Ms)\par
\par
Assist. Proj Engineer\par
\par
for Venture Cambodia\par
\par
 \par
\par
 \par
\par
From: venture-sorphea [mailto:venture-sorphea@online.com.kh] \par
Sent: Wednesday, 11 May, 2016 8:20 AM\par
To: YHSC-Fuji-Sales\par
Cc: venture; 'vc-Cheng'; vc-Boream; VC-George Pejan; 'VC-Tola'\par
Subject: FW: PP YHS - RFI No.09 - Request for Information\par
\par
 \par
\par
YHSC\par
\par
 \par
\par
.         Power Rating (A) for Cargo Lift/Passenger Lift and Load Hoist\par
\par
 \par
\par
Dear Ms. PHENG SAKNA,\par
\par
 \par
\par
Please find the attached files were requested by our electrical\par
sub-contractor for your onward attention and prompt reply.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Regards,\par
\par
Sorphea (Ms)\par
\par
Assist. Proj Engineer\par
\par
for Venture Cambodia\par
\par
 \par
\par
From: Doan Van Hoang [mailto:hoang-dv@ion-me.com.vn] \par
Sent: Tuesday, 10 May, 2016 5:04 PM\par
To: 'vc-Cheng'\par
Cc: venture@online.com.kh; 'vc-Sorphea'; venture-tola@online.com.kh;\par
'VC-George Pejan'; 'EJ Ang'; tuan-nna@ion-me.com.vn; 'Tran Truong An'; 'Pham\par
Hong Duong'; yutheanea-leav@ion-me.com.kh; 'chuon pheakdey'; 'Thuy';\par
rothana-ton@ion-me.com.kh\par
Subject: FW: PP YHS - RFI No.09 - Request for Information\par
\par
 \par
\par
Dear. Mr. Cheng,\par
\par
 \par
\par
Can you support to provide us with Power Rating (A) for Cargo Lift/Passenger\par
Lift and Load Hoist (Item 1 & Item 3 in RFI No.09):\par
\par
 \par
\par
\par
Item\par
\par
Information Required\par
\par
 Date Required \par
\par
Remarks / Answers\par
\par
Notes\par
\par
\par
1\par
\par
Power rate of Cargo lift/Passenger lift\par
\par
Feb 01 2016\par
\par
We will forward the info to you once we got the reply from our lift supplier\par
today.\par
\par
ION have not received yet info\par
\par
 \par
\par
\par
3\par
\par
Power rate of loading hoist (Manufacturing block, 1st floor, Gridline\par
B-19/20)\par
\par
Feb 01 2016\par
\par
Please see attached email from our Hoist supplier to ION\par
\par
ION don't see any Power Rating (A) in Email from Hoist Supplier \par
\par
 \par
\par
Looking forward to receiving your response ASAP accordingly.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Thanks and Best Regards,\par
\par
 \par
\par
Doan Van Hoang\par
\par
(Vietnam):        (+84)    (0) 938 697 488\par
\par
(Cambodia):    (+855)  (0) 972 154 543\par
\par
cid:image002.png@01D12DD6.32446750:  <mailto:hoang-dv@ion-me.com.vn>\par
hoang-dv@ion-me.com.vn\par
\par
cid:image006.jpg@01D12DD6.32446750 : hoangroyal1963\par
\par
cid:image004.jpg@01D12DD6.32446750\par
\par
 \par
\par
From: VC - Cheng [mailto:venture-mne@online.com.kh] \par
Sent: Wednesday, February 03, 2016 11:22 AM\par
To: hoang-dv@ion-me.com.vn\par
Cc: 'EJ Ang'; 'Nguyen Ngoc Anh Tuan'; thuy-ttn@ion-me.com.vn;\par
an-tt@ion-me.com.vn; 'nkdong'; 'VC-Boream'; 'Venture'; 'vc-Sorphea';\par
venture-tola@online.com.kh; 'Nguyen Ha Lam'; 'VC-George Pejan'; 'Larry\par
Barbosa Bea'; yutheanea-leav@ion-me.com.kh; 'Sothearath Heng'; 'chuon\par
pheakdey'; kosal-sem@ion-me.com.kh; 'Sophat'; sopheaktra-ty@ion-me.com.kh;\par
makara-sok@ion-me.com.kh; SDsg-CCF\par
Subject: RE: PP YHS - RFI No.09 - Request for Information\par
\par
 \par
\par
Dear Hoang,\par
\par
 \par
\par
Attached please see our reply to your RFI no. 9.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Please let me know if you have any further info.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Thank you.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Best regards,\par
\par
Cheng\par
\par
 \par
\par
 \par
\par
From: Doan Van Hoang [mailto:hoang-dv@ion-me.com.vn] \par
Sent: Monday, 1 February, 2016 11:05 AM\par
To: 'vc-Cheng'; sd-ccf@singadynamics.com.sg\par
Cc: 'EJ Ang'; 'Nguyen Ngoc Anh Tuan'; thuy-ttn@ion-me.com.vn;\par
an-tt@ion-me.com.vn; 'nkdong'; 'VC-Boream'; vc-account@online.com.kh;\par
'Venture'; 'vc-Sorphea'; venture-tola@online.com.kh;\par
venture-rathany@online.com.kh; francis@singadynamics.com.sg;\par
building@singadynamics.com.sg; 'Nguyen Ha Lam'; 'VC-George Pejan';\par
horngkaichee@yeos.com; 'Lee Adam'; 'NTLuc'; 'tientn';\par
vietnv@ptaconsultants.com.vn; chu@ixa.com.sg; ong@ixa.com.sg;\par
Philip_Yeo@span-design.com; samkolb@yahoo.com; Phan_BaoLiem@span-design.com;\par
Le_PhuCuong@span-design.com; 'Larry Barbosa Bea';\par
yutheanea-leav@ion-me.com.kh; 'Sothearath Heng'; 'chuon pheakdey';\par
kosal-sem@ion-me.com.kh; 'Sophat'; sopheaktra-ty@ion-me.com.kh;\par
makara-sok@ion-me.com.kh\par
Subject: PP YHS - RFI No.09 - Request for Information\par
\par
 \par
\par
Dear Mr. Cheng,\par
\par
 \par
\par
Please kindly find our RFI No. 9 regarding to M & E Information &\par
Combination for your review and response ASAP.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Looking forward to receiving your comments if any.\par
\par
 \par
\par
Thanks and Best Regards,\par
\par
 \par
\par
Doan Van Hoang\par
\par
Vietnam HP:         (+84) (0) 938 697 488\par
\par
Cambodia HP:     (+855) (0) 972 154 543\par
\par
Email:     <mailto:hoang-dv@ion-me.com.vn> hoang-dv@ion-me.com.vn\par
\par
Skype:    hoangroyal1963\par
\par
cid:image001.png@01D05B35.45B72850\par
\par
This email and any files transmitted with it ("Email") are confidential and\par
are intended solely for the named addressee.  If you are not the intended\par
recipient, please immediately delete the Email and any record of it from\par
your system and notify the sender by return email.\par
\par
The Email is and will remain the property and confidential information of\par
ION ME Co., Ltd. You must not disclose any part of the Email to anyone\par
without ION ME Co., Ltd prior written consent.\par
\par
 \par
\par
\par
\par
  _____  \par
\par
 \par
<https://www.avast.com/sig-email?utm_medium=email&utm_source=link&utm_campai\par
gn=sig-email&utm_content=emailclient> Avast logo \tab \par
This email has been checked for viruses by Avast antivirus software. \par
www.avast.com\par
<https://www.avast.com/sig-email?utm_medium=email&utm_source=link&utm_campai\par
gn=sig-email&utm_content=emailclient>  \par
\par
\par
}		fd
	0c71