{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Herculanum;\f2\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;
\f3\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier-Oblique;\f4\fnil\fcharset0 Baskerville;\f5\fnil\fcharset0 Chalkduster;
\f6\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww28600\viewh15220\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\tx8280\sl336\slmult1\pardirnatural\qj

\f0\fs36 \cf0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\sl336\slmult1\pardirnatural
\cf0  	           \
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3700\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\sl336\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f1 \cf0                                                                                         
\fs96 \ul the imaginers 
\f0 \ulnone       
\fs36 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\sl336\slmult1\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\sl336\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f2 \cf0                                                         by \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3760\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx5780\tx6236\tx6803\tx6900\tx7000\tx7140\tx7560\tx7560\tx7560\tx8240\tx8800\tx10020\tx11700\tx13580\tx15020\tx16020\tx17420\tx21620\tx25260\tx26780\tx28440\li23080\fi-23080\sl336\slmult1\pardirnatural
\cf0        \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\sl336\slmult1\pardirnatural
\cf0                                                     emma magenta\
\
\
                                                        \
\
                                                                        \
                                         \
\
\
\
\
\
C
\f3\i hapter One \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\sl336\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0 \cf0 \
\

\f1\i0 an extraordinary girl
\f0 \
\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\sl336\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f2 \cf0 Anybody would have agreed that Lucy Barker was a most fortunate girl. She lived opposite Centennial Park, in a house too big to call a home. A ridiculously sumptuous house filled with absolutely-never-to-touch-treasures, absolutely-never-to-swing-on-chandeliers and definitely-never-even-think-about-putting-a-finger-anywhere near-fine paintings. Such a place was more a museum than a home and being an only child, often made it a cathedral of loneliness for Lucy.\
Lucy's parents were a highly respected pair in the community, but were frequently away from home on business trips. Gloria and Randolph Barker were the owners of PRISCUS, a prestigious and successful antiques empire that they devoted themselves to relentlessly. The Barkers themselves were once a very happy pair, but their pre-occupation with the business had replaced their love for each other with a single-minded devotion to beautiful objects. It is an unfortunate thing when a person becomes more attached to objects than the people around them, after awhile objects become their way to show love for even those they do care for, and so it was for Lucy. Her parents loved her in their own way yes, but their frequent trips away from her meant that they showed their love by showering her with everything imaginable to compensate.\
Lucy had every doll, every game and every gadget that any child at twelve could dream of and she had so many pretty dresses and shoes, that she once became lost in her own wardrobe for hours. She would have loved to do such finery justice, but she always felt like her legs were just two skinny emu legs jutting out from under layers of expensive cloth and her long dark brown hair always seemed to look limp and uninspired as it dangled over her many exquisite outfits. Lucy however, did have an unusual attractiveness. Her slightly olive skin and almond shaped green eyes gave her an other-worldly quality, as though she was not from anywhere and would be better suited on a Bedouin caravan trail, than in the Eastern Suburbs of Sydney. She was however, quite awkward and this meant that although at some moments she could appear quite beautiful, other times she could also look incredibly plain. \
\
In spite of her want for nothing, Lucy herself would disagree that she was completely fortunate. She did not have the one thing that she longed for in the world and that one thing was a brother or sister. How she longed for someone to spend her days with exploring, imagining new things that absolutely nobody had ever thought of yet, sneaking into her parent's studio and pretending to be treasure hunters. Such a magnificently large house was a waste thought Lucy, whereas a brother or sister would have made all the hours during her parent's absence a whole lot better. Had her parents not employed Nanny Craven, she may have disappeared completely from the big hole that was growing in her heart.\
\
Lucy's nanny, Miss Emily Craven was an Irish woman, who at 43, had never married or was likely to. She had hair that was red like a bushfire and always seemed to start the day well and by day's end, would look like she had been electrocuted, perhaps from the humidity. Her skin was always ruddy and made her hair look three times more red than it probably was and for some curious reason, she had decided to start wearing braces on her teeth. \
It seemed that Miss Craven believed that the crux of her physical awkwardness was centred around crooked teeth and in no time at all, she would blossom into a beauty. In spite of her alarming appearance, Miss Emily Craven was exceptionally kind, funny and a great source of comfort to the very lonely Lucy and the qualities of kindness and love, far exceed those of gorgeous skin, raven black hair and fabulous teeth!\
Miss Craven had been employed by The Barkers to take care of Lucy 12 years years prior. Before Lucy had even seen her first birthday and as soon as Gloria Barker returned to work, Emily Craven joined The Barkers and she had never left since. Emily had a love for Lucy as if she was her very own child, as did Lucy, who loved Emily Craven as if she was her real mother and the two fulfilled a certain longing that they both had tucked away in their secret heart. Miss Craven always helped Lucy remember that what made her fortunate was not her abundantly wealthy surrounds, but her extra-special, extremely unusual capacity to care about everyone and everything and of course her very, VERY amazing imagination.\
\
It was true that Lucy did not see the world as most other twelve year olds. Ever since Lucy could remember, she knew that she was different to other children, she saw things that one could never describe by way of logic. Edges would suddenly dissolve on seemingly solid objects, things around her would constantly expand to huge proportions and then quickly contract to smallest of sizes, light would emanate from people and animals and frequently, she would see people walking beside her when by all accounts, she was alone. There was no explanation for this, or how she could walk by some people and know their entire history and their future to come, having to look away for fear that they would feel her knowing. It was if Lucy held a magical wand, ready to pull back the veil of mystery that shrouded all things and reveal to her the magic and vast secrets of not just the world around her, but about people themselves. \
This ability first became apparent to Lucy when she was about 4 years old and on a rare outing at The National Parklands with Emily and her parents. They had stopped by a river to have a picnic and Lucy had wandered to the river's edge to pretend to fish with a stick that had the exact shape of a rod. She was throwing the stick up and about to cast the imaginary line into the water when she saw something that changed her life for ever. On the other side of the water was a figure, luminous and white and yet not fully detailed in features or gender, but a child like Lucy. The figure hovered over the water and was not of this world, but still completely visible. As Lucy stood there, staring at this vision, all things of the world that she knew until that moment, ground to a halt and an epic silence fell over the moment. Suddenly time ceased, yet also expanded to encompass all eras and she and this luminous being were all that existed, were all that had ever lived. The figure, hovered over the water, raising it's hand to gesture a wave and then quickly it disappeared behind some trees. Lucy tried to follow it, but crossing the river led to the kind of parental reprimand she had spent her days trying to dodge. The figure was gone, but the impression was eternal and Lucy from that day on began to see two worlds simultaneously, imbuing her days with unspeakable magic. \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\sl336\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f3\i \cf0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\sl336\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f2\i0 \cf0 Lucy began to wonder if she was alone in this way, this strange place between two worlds. The thought made her afraid suddenly and whenever Lucy wanted reassurance, she always consulted her beloved Emily. After explaining as clearly as she could for such a small child to her one kindred spirit, she was taken aback by Emily telling her to not speak of it to anyone and to keep her experiences on the quiet, especially from her parents,\
\
"Not everyone will see the world as you do Lucy and it will make your life very hard if you try to share this secret world with others, just protect it is all i can say to you" said Emily seriously, although still with her usual warmth. \
\
Lucy had not fully understood what Emily has meant by that, but always trusted Emily and her words as truth, so she did as her Nanny said and just curled up in bed quietly letting her thoughts take her back to the day she saw that illuminated child. Lucy never saw the child again, but since then, moving between the two worlds seemed so effortless she began to see it as not such a big deal. It all seemed quite simple really and if she relaxed herself enough to turn off the constant chatter in her head, she could enter an even greater place, a vast other world of unlimited possibility. In this place Lucy could see and almost feel everything she wanted and sometimes had an amazing ability to bring some of the imaginings back into the real world with her, some of them arriving in the most unusual way. However, in matters of manifestation, she seemed to have very little control over what she was doing or how it even worked, all she knew was that things appeared in her life by magic the more she thought about it and felt great love or desire for it. Some things took longer than others, but in the end, just about all of what she imagined would find its way in some form or another into her everyday world. \
Often Lucy would have her best imaginings while she took long walks or was sitting under her favourite tree, an old oak tree on the outskirts of the pine forest in Centennial Park. Lucy spent many hours longing for and imagining a brother or sister under that tree, but for some reason it was the one and only thing that seemed to remain elusive, no matter how hard she imagined it. She figured if she would never have a sibling, the very least she could ask for was a pet, but her parents were adamant that their house was not a zoo and the answer was a reoccurring "No"! \
Lucy had campaigned for years on the matter, hoping to change their minds, but alas, it became too obvious that the final NO! had been decreed on the subject with an accompanying list written on an invisible stone tablet as to all the reasons why:\
\
1. Too dirty\
2. Too messy\
3. Too noisy\
4. Who will clean the poo?\
5. Too dirty (again)\
\
Lucy could not believe it. After all her best friend, Beatrice Chapel had a dog called Barty who went to the playground and the shops with her. The twins, Charlotte and Christopher Salmon from across the road had not only a dog called Sammy, but a cat called Susie as well. Even Mr Butler, who lived down the road all by himself in the smallest apartment on the planet, had a bird called Twitter.\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\sl336\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f3\i \cf0 \
It was absolute injustice
\f2\i0  thought Lucy. \
\
So after a long walk one day, Lucy arrived at her tree and sat down. She took a deep breath and watched with the eye between the eyes as all the jumbled thoughts and images gradually fell away from her mind. The world hushed to a silence and all she could hear was her breath. Then like a mist moving away to reveal a spectacular hidden world, she arrived at the place where anything was possible. A place with no boarders and a hazy foreground until she began to seek out what she wanted. Once she knew what she was looking for, it would somehow appear right before her. It was here and on that very day, that she imagined all her possible pets that she could ever want; a loyal cattle dog, or perhaps a beagle, a majestic lyrebird, a chestnut coloured pony, a soft, devoted rabbit. They all gathered together in Lucy's mind, all calling her to take them into the real world with her. Perhaps she should try something new this time? After all, she had tried everything else. She had no other choice but to ask the animals themselves how to bring one of them back with her to be a pet. She had never really spoken out loud in her imaginings, but she was willing to try anything right at this moment. Maybe the horse would know or the Lyre Bird and why not? Anything was possible in this place right?\
\
"Excuse me", she said, approaching the Lyre Bird with trepidation,\
"You wouldn't by any chance know how I go about asking for a pet would you?"\
"Why Yes," said the Lyrebird, who for the record went by the name of Menura and spoke with a voice that suggested she had taken elocution lessons from an early age.\
Lucy jumped when the Lyrebird actually responded to her, as it had never happened before and it seemed to make the whole experience more real somehow, as if she was no longer just imagining it.\
Menura pressed on "The very best thing to do, is go to the Manifestation Tower and enter the Specific Requests Wing, then take the lift up to The Room of Pet Allocation on the 7th floor." said Menura, or rather sang, for she apparently liked to practise her Opera singing at any given chance and this moment proved to be no exception. \
"How do i get there?" Lucy asked, her ears ringing from Menura's burst of vibrato.\
"Stand in the centre of the park chess board over there and look West over to the hills, it will appear once it feels someone looking at it."\
Lucy looked to where Menura was waving with her wings and for the first time in her imaginings, she saw a fully formed environment in which she could feel herself standing. Before her was an expansive landscape of exquisite trees and mountains and lakes with a chess board the size of a football field in the centre.\
Never before had Lucy experienced such a detailed experience in her imaginings. She was more than a little shocked at how specific everything seemed. It was all very different this time, more real, more out of her control in some way and yet, more structured in others. Lucy took a deep breath and before making her way over to the park, she thanked Menura, who would not let her go without doing an encore first.\
\
The chess board was surrounded by a luscious royal garden that rolled down to the most enormous lake that Lucy had ever seen and several peacocks ran about in the garden, parading their beauty. Lucy giggled at the peacocks strutting around for nobody in particular except each other, they reminded her of some of the boys in her old primary school class, especially Ben Armstrong whenever Christie Sharp was nearby. As Menura had instructed, Lucy stood in the middle of the board and looked West. She waited patiently for any sign of a building to show itself. Just when she believed that Menura was better suited for the stage than as a tour guide, she saw an outline of a structure begin to appear. \
Before she could blink, she saw sitting amongst the hills, a building more magnificent than she had ever seen before. It was as if someone had built a combination of every kind of structure on top of each other until it made it's way to the sky. It was a little of this and a little of that, ancient in some places and like a futuristic city high rise in other parts. \
"I guess that will be the Manifestation Tower" thought Lucy, feeling slightly intimidated as she made her way over to it.\
Lucy saw no way to make it to The Tower as the lake between herself and her destination was a problem without a boat, something Menura had failed to mention. \
As Lucy stood there contemplating how to get there, she felt a strong arm lift her up and place her with one swoop on the back of a see-through horse and gallop off to the right of the launch pad, through the most shallow part of the lake and into the surrounding hills. Lucy had no idea who this mysterious character was, or where he or she was taking her, their face was obscured by a white hooded robe, but they rode with swiftness and an urgency that had Lucy at times fearing for her safety. The Mystery Rider rode this way and that through a maze of trees until they came upon the very grand entrance of The Manifestation Tower itself. \
The stone arches looked remarkably similar to a place she had seen once in book from the school library on Ancient Greece, but no sooner had she walked in, she was confronted by a golden moveable walkway, the kind you see at an ultra modern airport. \

\f3\i \
Not quite Ancient Greece after all, but interesting all the same,
\f2\i0  she thought.\
\
She began to look everywhere for the lift, but there was none to be found. Finally a boy who could have only been a few years older than herself, walked over to her. His face was gentle and framed with golden hair. He was almost luminous which in part was attributed to him wearing white jeans and a white singlet.  \
"What floor?" he asked\
"Um the 7th". said Lucy, "The Room of Pet Allocation, please".\
"Climb on then" he said as he motioned to his back.\
"I don't understand" said Lucy as he grabbed her and pulled her onto his back.\
Before she could continue her questioning, she was rising from the ground and shooting up in the air with a series of jerks and bumps. She looked down and saw that the boy had beautifully crafted white winged shoes, as though someone had turned a pair of NIKE hi-top kicks into a miniature Pegasus. Finally, the boy set her down through some stone arches and directed her into a enormous room filled with shelves containing catalogues, pens, ink, paper and envelopes, where he left her as swiftly as they had met. \
Lucy looked around the room, at one end was a cluttering of desks like a school classroom and at the other end of the long room was a very jaded, bone-thin, tiny woman, dressed in an intricately crocheted white jumper, white skirt, white shoes and with a face that looked as if it had seen the world for a million years. She sat in a magnificently huge wooden chair behind a desk so large, that it seemed to diminish her even more.  \
"Yes?" she called out, her voice re-enforcing to Lucy that she had spent too long in this particular job.\
"I've come to ask for a pet please?" said Lucy meekly.\
"Take a piece of paper from the shelf, a pen, some ink and an envelope and put it in writing", she said impatiently.\
Lucy couldn't help thinking how much this woman being so thin, was on the cusp of becoming a fully-blown skeleton any minute and wondered if her application would make it through in time. Nonetheless, she turned around to the shelves and did as she was asked, selecting a gorgeous Magpie-Feathered fountain pen for the task. She then sat down and composed this letter:\
\

\f3\i To whom it may concern,\
\
Please send me a pet as I'm terribly lonely most of the time. I don't mind what kind of a pet, but I do especially love dogs and horses, also cats, but it can't be too fluffy or my parents will find out. In fact, if there is any way that I can have a pet without my parents finding out, that would be preferable.\
\
Thank you very much.\
\
Yours Sincerely,\
\
Lucy Anne Barker\
\
P.S: I live at the following address:\
49 Centennial Drive,\
Centennial Park.\
Sydney, NSW\
2031\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\sl336\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f2\i0 \cf0 \
She re-read it and placed it in the envelope and sealed it with a quick lick of the tongue and stood up. She cleared her throat and sang out,\
"I'm finished". \
"Bring it here then" said The Cranky Skelton at the front desk, who opened the letter, read it, looked over her white-rimmed glasses at Lucy and said after a drawn out pause,\
"We'll see what we can do, hurry along then".\
\
Lucy waited for a moment before asking "Um, excuse me\'85" \
The Cranky Skeleton looked over her glasses again with indignation at the interruption,\
"Yes?"\
"Well", said Lucy quietly, "Are you able to tell me why it is so hard for me to get a brother or sister?"\
Cranky snorted,\
"Pets are enough trouble to bring about, they require A LOT of desire to make their way over the chasm, but humans! They take a much longer time to appear and sometimes only when you have given up completely on ever getting them at all. Anyway, that is a whole other Room in a whole different Wing in an entirely 
\f3\i other
\f2\i0  part of the building and is only open when it feels like it AND has a completely different set of rules". \
She almost spat the last word into Lucy's face and she turned her back and began to shuffle papers to indicate that the conversation was well and truly over.\
Lucy braved one last question, "What is the chasm?"\
But, Cranky just kept her back turned and went on with her paper shuffling, only looking back at Lucy when she had turned and walked out the door.\
\
Strangely, Lucy felt a little better after The Cranky Skeleton's explanation about human manifestation, after all, she didn't say that it was impossible, just harder. As to her pet request, she still felt unsure as to whether it would come to pass with someone like Cranky in charge of her order and she was also a little nervous now if it did. What would her parents say or do for that matter? She realised that she hadn't really thought through the consequences and she hoped against hope that there would be someway of keeping the pet without her parents ever finding out. She turned and made her way back to the archway where winged footed NIKE boy had been waiting patiently for her. \
\
"All set to go back? " he asked\
"Yes. yes, I am" said Lucy \
\
After a quick descent to the bottom floor, he lowered her onto safe ground. She thanked him and as she turned to go, she asked\
"What is the moveable walkway for?\
'It's for people in a hurry for the Room of Financial Quick Fixes down the end of that hallway", said NIKE boy as he pointed to a speck of a door at the end of a terribly long corridor. "It gets pretty busy and we've decided it's best to just herd people along. Anyway, there's no way I'm lifting every brother onto my back who wants a quick buck".\
He smiled at Lucy.\
"Enjoy your day" he said and turned back into the building.\
\
Lucy looked around and was expecting to see the large lake between herself and the launchpad, but she noticed that she was in the pine forest in Centennial Park. Was she back in the real world or there, in the foothills of that magnificently strange place? For a moment she wasn't sure until she looked down to see herself cross-legged and realised that she was still sitting under her favourite oak tree to the left of the pine forest where she had just been standing.\
Wow! she thought. That all felt so incredibly real this time, like I was really there, in that place with the chess board park and NIKE boy. I must have been, I know it. \
She sat back against the tree and began to think about what The Cranky Skeleton had said about human manifestation, as well as her pet request. She looked up to the sky and breathing out a long happy sigh, she smiled.\
\
\
\
\
                                                             \
Chapter 
\f3\i Two \
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\sl336\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\i0 \cf0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\sl336\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f1 \cf0 Lucy's ABSOLUTE secret \
\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\sl336\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f2 \cf0 Lucy was not looking forward to starting at Roselake Grammar for Girls. She had just spent the last 6 years trying to explain herself to everybody at Primary School and felt that she had managed to arrive at a reasonable place between the girls who all wanted to be a princess and the boys who all wanted to start a war. It had only taken 4 years to come to terms with the fact that she would always be called "Lucy-Goosey-barks-like-a-dog" or sometimes if they were in a hurry, just WOOF!-WOOF". By her 6th year there, everyone had managed to leave her relatively enough alone. Now she had to go through all that again with the unfortunate absence of the boys, who would often turn into gallant superheroes the moment any hair pulling took place, even if it was just to show off. Yes, Lucy was filled with trepidation about attending a school of girls. Although well aware of their attributes being a girl herself, she acknowledged that they were brilliant individually, but in a pack could at times be desperately cruel.\
Thankfully her best friend from Primary School, Beatrice Chapel was attending Roselake too and Lucy knew that beside Bea, she would feel a little less intimidated and not have to go through that awkward business of trying to make new friends. Bea would have no trouble fitting in, she was always well liked for being agreeable and sweet natured with everyone and she possessed that rare quality of being a marvellous listener. Even if she had been blessed with none of these qualities, she could have sailed through any social debut on sheer beauty alone, for Beatrice Chapel was indeed like an angel. Perhaps it was the way she moved with an other worldly grace that made her so acceptable, or her softly spoken lyrical voice that eased anyone within ear shot. More than likely, it was the way the long strands of golden hair fell to her waist and also softly framed her timeless, angelic face; a face so harmonious, one could find themselves checking her back to see if she had wings.\
Next to Bea, Lucy always felt like someone had stuck some roller skates on a blind elephant and given it a sudden push. Her hair almost never fell the way Bea's did and she had given up entirely trying to wear the latest high fashions with any plausibility, wishing for just a pair of jeans and a t-shirt instead and be done with it. Her new School uniform was no exception and when she met up with Bea outside the enormous black iron gates of Roselake, it came as no surprise that Bea had managed to make even her uniform look incredible. Bea was completely excited about High School and hugged Lucy exuberantly in hope of spreading the joy.  \
"We should go in and line up Lucy, or we'll be late for our first class!" said Bea as she turned and waved good-bye to her parents. Lucy looked behind her and waved good-bye to Miss Craven, who raised her hand and gave Lucy a warm and loving smile. Her parent's return journey from Arnhem Land had been delayed and a call had come through the night before to say that they would miss the first day of her High School. Although used to her parent's absence, she still felt disappointed that they were not there. She felt like she had been thrown among the wolves to fend for herself. Bea saw Lucy's face and held her hand, pulling her over to the line of girls, ready to walk into class. Lucy walked through the gates that fenced a foreboding structure of high stone walls and turrets and made her way into the circular courtyard where a sea of girls dressed in black tunics, ties and straw hats flooded the area, standing all in rows and facing a rather serious looking woman on the top step.\
The Principal of Roselake, Miss Angela Jessop called for silence and greeted the school, eventually clearing her throat and in a brisk voice declared "Silence, please girls". Miss Jessop was a tall and boney woman with black hair caught up in a complex circular arrangement of plaits, who spoke officiously and to the point, making it clear to Lucy at least, that she certainly wasn't the Creative Writing teacher. \
\
There were three Never-To-Break School rules lest severe punishment was desired:\
\
1. No student was to leave the grounds without permission.\
2.  All students must attend ALL classes unless ill, whereby a note must be obtained from Nurse Krueger.\
3. The Library, the Music rooms and the Chapel were all strictly off limits before 9am and after 4:30pm.\
\
After a few other boring announcements, the students were guided through to their homerooms to prepare for their induction into the Roselake way. Thankfully Lucy and Bea were assigned to the same homeroom, headed by Mr Littlemore, an incredibly tall man, with dark, curly, Einstein hair and a slightly curled, french moustache. He wore a crisp white shirt, brown trousers and perhaps the worst tie that Lucy had ever seen. She wasn't quite sure what to make of him, but when he welcomed everyone with a soft voice, she relaxed a little. He told them all about himself and wanted to know something about each of the girls, who had to stand up and tell the class about something they liked. Lucy was dreading her turn and began to feel ill. While she was busy trying to stop herself from being sick, she noticed that Mr Littlemore had a drawing on the side of his shoe in pen. It seemed like an absent minded doodle, but after a few moments of staring at it, Lucy realised that it was a symbol.\
Before she could give it too much thought, she realised that he was calling out her name to stand up and speak. Lucy reluctantly rose to her feet and felt herself go giddy as a room of faces turned around to look at her. \
"Tell us about something you like Lucy" asked Mr Littlemore.\
"Um, well, er\'85I like a tree" she said quickly and then promptly sat down. The girls in the room laughed. She was most definitely going to be sick.\
Mr Littlemore said "There is no need to laugh girls. What kind of a tree Lucy?" he asked, sensing her embarrassment.\
Lucy looked around nervously and after a definite pause said "This oak tree, near my house". She looked down and waited until Mr Littlemore called the next girl up, then went back to staring at the symbol on his shoe to take her mind of her embarrassment.\
She took out her pen and copied it onto her work book and spent the rest of the morning trying to understand what it meant.\
\
At the day's end, Lucy was exhausted and walking out the gates with Bea, she mentioned the symbol.\
"Did you see the drawing on Mr Littlemore's shoe by any chance?"\
"What drawing?" asked Bea.\
"It was a drawing, it looked like this" said Lucy, as she pulled out her work book with the copied drawing on it. \
Bea studied it for a moment, "No, I must have missed it. What do you think it is? Do you think it means something?"\
"I'm not sure" said Lucy, but I thought it was a strange thing to draw and at the very least on his shoe. Anyway, are you coming over for some lemonade?"\
"Ok, I'll just ask my mother if it's alright and then be right over".\
Lucy left Bea on the corner of their street and made her way to her house and stopped short at the gate. On the door step was a large container with big holes all over it and a ribbon around it. As she ran over to look at it, she noticed an envelope and written on it in gorgeous gold letters was:\
\
To: Lucy Anne Barker\
46 Centennial Drive,\
Centennial Park, 2031\
Sydney\
NSW\
\
She turned it over:\
\
No sender.\
                        \
At first Lucy could not think what it was at all, until a possibility dawned on her suddenly. She whispered, "It cannot be?" and frantically ripped open the envelope. Inside the envelope was a list of instructions on how to care for the contents of the box. Lucy excitedly pulled off the ribbon and opened the top of the container that held the most divinely gorgeous puppy Lucy had ever seen and a beagle no less. Lucy couldn't believe it. Her dream to have a pet had made it through finally. Maybe The Cranky Skeleton wasn't so bad after all.\
Bea came through the gate singing out "I'm here, but I can't stay over too long'. She stopped next to Lucy looking into an empty box.\
"Isn't he incredible!" said Lucy\
"Who?" said Bea\
"The puppy Bea, the beagle, the dog that I have wanted since practically forever", said Lucy impatiently.\
Bea stood silently as Lucy reached into the box and seemed to be taking something out, although Bea couldn't see a thing.\
"What are you doing?" she asked after a few moments as she watched Lucy whispering and snuggling into thin air.\
"What do you mean? Are you blind? said Lucy, who by this stage was getting super frustrated at Bea.\
"I'm not blind" said Bea indignantly "You are the one who thinks that they're holding a dog, when it is quite clear that you are not!"\
"What do you mean, are you mad? said Lucy, her voice rising. \
Then she saw the look on Bea's face and she realised that it was true, Bea could not see her dog.\
"Do you mean that you really cannot see him, the dog I mean?" asked Lucy.\
"I don't see any dog Lucy" said Bea who was beginning to wonder if the stress of the first day at a new school had affected Lucy's brain.\
"That's amazing!" said Lucy. "That is brilliant!" she said. "Be careful what you ask for or you might just get it" she said excitedly as she recalled herself hoping against hope that there would be some way to keep her pet without her parent's finding out.\
"What is so amazing?' asked Bea.\
Lucy paused, took a deep breath and then told the only person she had ever told about the incredible place she went to at the special Oak Tree and how she had requested a secret pet from The Manifestation Tower.\
After Lucy had finished sharing her secret with Bea, they both fell quiet. Bea looked as if she had just been told that there was no such thing as Santa, but The Genie in The Bottle was true. She shook her head with confusion, so Lucy took her hand and her new dog inside to talk some more over their lemonade.\
\
Sitting down at the long table, Bea said "Do you mean to say that you can just go to this place and ask for anything you want and it will come to you here? Is that all you have to do?\
"It isn't as simple as that" said Lucy, "Some things are harder to manifest than others, but the more time you spend imagining it, the easier and quicker it is to receive it." \
Bea looked intrigued. "So if i wanted to go to Disneyland for my Birthday this year, I just have to imagine it and it will happen?" she asked.\
"Again", said Lucy, It's not that simple." "You can imagine BEING in Disneyland as much as you want, but I guess you will be entirely dependent on someone else to take you there as I'm pretty sure your parents will say that you're too young to go by yourself. Once other people are involved, it becomes a lot harder. You are not able to control anyone else and what they decide to do, that's all I've learnt." said Lucy as she thought about her desire for a brother or sister.\
Bea looked disappointed. 'I don't understand" she said "Your parents said that you were definitely not allowed a pet and now you have a pet!"\
"Yes" said Lucy, "A pet that nobody else can see, so I'm going to look even more crazy to everyone else than I already am." Lucy looked at Bea's dejected Disneyland face.\
"I'm not saying that you won't go to Disneyland for your Birthday, i'm just saying that maybe you should concentrate on just imagining yourself there and forget how you will get there, if you want it enough, a way will always find you."\
Bea looked up at Lucy who was snuggling her dog again and thought for a moment. "Ok, but where is this tree?" she asked Lucy.\
"You don't have to use my tree, i think it has to be a place that means something to you, i mean i think that's how it works, i don't know, I've always just followed my feeling about it" said Lucy.\
Lucy slurped her lemonade, "I think i'll call him Jesse", she said. \
"Jesse's a good name for a dog" said Bea.\
"I wish you could see him Bea, he is so beautiful.\
"I'm sure he is" said Bea.\
They both smiled and continued to sit there for the afternoon discussing Lucy's secret world and the things she had seen there. As an unprecedented fluttering in her belly started up, Bea's head raced at the thought that she too might be able to access such a place, but she couldn't tell though if that was excitement or just nervous anxiety. Such things that could not be fathomed often scared Bea however. How could this world of Lucy's really be true if she could not see it? Surely Lucy was just suffering from an over-active imagination. She knew her friend had a very unusual way of seeing the world and was able to pluck the strangest ideas out of thin air and turn nothing into something. Surely, she had only CONVINCED herself that she had a dog, like an imaginary friend. Bea knew that Lucy felt very alone in that enormous house that was way too much like a museum to call a home, she would have made up an imaginary dog too if she lived there. Bea's thoughts were interrupted by Lucy suddenly taking hold of her hand and looking her deadpan in the eyes.\
"No one must ever know about Jesse, OK Bea?" \
There was a sudden heavy silence that fell between the two girls and Bea nodded, having never seen Lucy sound so serious, she felt a little alarmed.\
"We have to keep him a dead secret. Jesse will be our absolute secret of all secrets". \
Bea nodded again and both girls retreated into themselves and finished their lemonade in silence.\
\
\
\
\
                                                                         \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\sl336\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f3\i \cf0 Chapter Three \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\sl336\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f4 \cf0 \
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\sl336\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f1\i0 \cf0 the forgotten children
\f2 \
                                                         
\f4 \
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\sl336\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f2 \cf0 For Lucy, enough time had passed at Rosebank to see the summer light of the early evening make way for the natural twilight of a world without 
\f3\i Daylight Saving
\f2\i0 , a strange global ritual, where everyone agrees that the summer sun is too glorious to waste. Instead of bowing to the laws of nature, there is a unanimous winding of clocks back an extra hour to savour those precious sunlit hours of timeless digging in sandy beaches, BBQ's in lakeside parks and neighbourhood cricket games in dead-end streets.\
Lucy always found Daylight Saving a thing of mystery. It made her wonder, if everyone agreed that time was not fixed and could be changed with a simple winding back of a clock, then who was to say that there was such a thing as time at all? Wasn't time something that some people long ago came up with just to organise everybody onto a boring old road that stretched out to an unreachable horizon line?\
These were the thoughts that Lucy entertained and shared with Jesse, as she packed her bag for a school excursion that day to The Blue Mountains. Lucy was filled with a stomach-fluttering anticipation for the day's adventure as she re-read her school list of necessary things to pack for the occasion. It read as follows:\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\sl336\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f3\i \cf0 To \'85\'85\'85\'85Mr & Mrs Barker\'85\'85\
\
We seek your permission for \'85\'85\'85\'85Lucy\'85\'85\'85\'85\'85\'85\'85\'85\'85.\
to attend a school excursion to Katoomba in The Blue Mountains on Friday 21st of March, between 8:30am and 4:30pm. \
\
Please be advised as to the list of items required for the outing. Failure to include any item will result in your daughter spending the day in the School Library under the supervision of Mrs Sherbrooke where Math curriculum will be undertaken.\
\
Items:\
. School Hat\
. School Coat, Gloves and Scarf\
. Packed Lunch and snacks\
. A Clipboard and Pen\
\
\
Regards,\
\
Principal Angela Jessop\
\
Parent's Signature:\
\
\'85\'85\'85\'85\'85\'85\'85\'85\'85\'85\'85\'85\'85\'85\'85\'85\'85\'85\'85\'85\'85\'85.
\f2\i0 \
\
Thankfully Lucy had managed to remember her parent's signature before they headed out the door that morning. She had shown them the letter several days earlier, but they had been so busy for the last month preparing for an exhibition of their latest acquisitions for their new Aboriginal Art Collection, they had been just too pre-occupied to do it. They had asked Lucy to help them at the exhibition that was to take place in an old Church down the road the next day, which normally would have made Lucy feel happy to be included in something bigger than herself. That day however, she felt different, unsettled and deeply frustrated by her parents fixation with everything old that once belonged to someone else and nothing to do with what mattered to her. Yes, it would be great to get out of town on an adventure, she thought. It would be great to go far away and not come back for awhile. She wondered if they would notice her missing at all. Certainly Emily Craven would. The thought of hurting her beloved Nanny made a painful swelling in Lucy's chest. No, she thought, I could never leave my dear Emily behind. But how she longed for something bigger than the palatial prison of loneliness that was her home. How she longed to be somewhere where she truly belonged, with others who cared for her as she cared for them. \
\
She finished packing her bag and turned to her beloved dog, "Come on Jesse, we are heading off on an adventure today! I won't be able to to let them know that you're with me, but I'll talk to you properly once we are alone". Jesse made a little whimper to indicate his excitement and joined Lucy as she made her way down to the kitchen for some tea and warm cinnamon and apple porridge that Miss Craven had freshly made for her.\
\
An hour later, the girls of Roselake all formed a straight line in the courtyard of the school as Mrs Jessop announced the rules for the days outing:\
\
1. No standing up in the bus while it is moving\
2. No wandering off alone\
3. Pay strict attention to time during lunch\
4. No leaning over un-fenced look-outs\
\
After the lecture, the girls marched single file onto a large coach that was to take them on their journey to the Blue Mountains. Both History Teachers; Mr Littlemore and Mrs Hawkins were the chaperones for the day and reminded the girls to thank Mr Fassbinder, the bus driver on their exit from the bus on their arrival. Mr Fassbinder was an extraordinarily large man, whom Lucy doubted would be able to fit through the door, least of all behind the wheel. Lucy of course sat next to Bea and Jesse jumped up on Lucy's lap. \
"What on earth are you doing?" asked Bea, as she watched Lucy struggle with something unseen on her lap.\
"Sit still Jesse", Lucy whispered.\
"You didn't 
\f3\i seriously
\f2\i0  bring him on this trip?" asked a deeply shocked Bea.\
"Of course!" said Lucy. "No one can see him. He'll love it!"\
"I thought he was supposed to be secret? Everyone will see you talking to him, holding him, or should I say, NOT see him and think you are 
\f3\i completely 
\f2\i0 crazy."\
"I've already explained to him that I cannot really speak much with him today until we are away from the others a bit."\
"You don't want give 
\f3\i The Club
\f2\i0  anymore ammunition against you do you?" Bea whispered desperately.\
As Bea spoke the words, she realised that it was too late, for sitting directly in front of them was 
\f3\i The Club's
\f2\i0  President and Vice-President; Isabella Villain and Courtney Stiekem. Both girls had managed in their short time at Roselake to make Lucy's school days less than joyous. They had decided from the moment Lucy stepped into Mr Littlemore's classroom that she would be the recipient of all of their nasty behaviour. In truth, she was accustomed to kids taking delight in tripping her up as she walked by, pulling her hair and whispering and laughing at her. Isabella and Courtney had taken it a step further and organised The Official I Hate Lucy Barker Club. Lucy had seen the hand written invitation in her school desk a few days prior.\
\
Normally Lucy wouldn't let it bother her, she would usually get over it, but this time when she saw the invitation, it made her cry. Isabella and Courtney had older sisters in the school and had much support from them and their friends as well as other girls in Lucy's class wishing to side with whomever they thought was popular. Lucy had only been there for a few months and had managed to become the source of everyone's ridicule for no particular reason other than just being herself. No one else except Bea would talk to her and Bea was so beautiful and sweet, she managed to be liked by everybody. It was primary school all over again.\
Isabella and Courtney turned around, stared at Lucy and then back to each other, giggling and
\f3\i  
\f2\i0 whispering. \
"I
\f3\i  know,
\f2\i0  her hair does 
\f3\i this
\f2\i0 " spat Isabella as she made a gesture with her hands. "It's absolutely ghastly!"\
'I know and she's SUCH a weirdo!" said Courtney.
\f3\i   \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\sl336\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f2\i0 \cf0 Bea looked at Lucy and squeezed her hand. "Don't worry Lucy, they will get over it soon."
\f3\i  \

\f2\i0 Lucy gave a half smile to Bea, "Thanks Bea". She turned and looked out the window and tried to keep the tears in her eyes from rolling down her cheeks. There seemed to be no getting away from this feeling.\
After two hours in a claustrophobic coach ride, the girls were relieved to finally disembark at Katoomba. As they made their way to The Giant Stairway with Mr Littlemore and Mrs Hawkins they were instructed to put on their coats as it was much colder in The Mountains than back home in the city. Lucy put Jesse down and he walked beside her. She stopped and stared out, overwhelmed by the beauty of the view and the glorious smell of Eucalyptus, smokey wood and earth. The moment was ruined however, when Isabella called out,\
"Oh look everybody, Lucy is having a mystical moment with the trees!" Everyone laughed. \
"I like a tree", mimicked Courtney, which sent everyone into fits of laughter. \
'I wouldn't expect either of you would know the feeling of liking anything other than yourselves!" retorted Lucy unexpectedly.\
"Did you speak back to me? chortled Courtney incredulously. "Who do YOU think you are addressing ME?" \
"Quiet girls! That is most definitely enough thank you!" said Mr Littlemore.\
Lucy felt sick in the pit of her stomach about the confrontation and felt her body become heavy with anger, frustration and the thought of spending a moment longer with the girls. Bea took her hand, "Come on Lucy, look where we are, it is gorgeous, just ignore them".\
\
Lucy walked with Jesse and Bea in silence along the twisting paths and down the steep decent of the Giant Stairway, that nestled into overhanging rocks jutting out through dense bush and scrub. Exquisite waterfalls and the smell of life force wrapped Lucy in a blanket of comfort and suddenly she stopped. The unlimited viewpoint and the peace that Lucy always felt once she was in nature helped her forget about Isabella, Courtney, 
\f3\i The Club 
\f2\i0 and all that troubled her. Mr Littlemore walked next to Lucy for a moment in silence and then said, "You might like to see this Lucy, it's a funny little tree that has strange creatures growing out of it". Lucy looked at the the tree and saw wooden oddly shaped heads like a beastly creature jutting out of the branches. "What are they? They look like pixies or elves." she said.\
"It's called The Mountain Devil Bush."\
"I can see why" Lucy said with an edge of fear.\
"There is actually a lizard that is also called a Mountain Devil, it's covered in spikes and quite strange looking".\
Mr Littlemore noticed that Lucy was listening intently, so he pressed on.\
"It's only hearsay, but there was a legend that I heard growing up that said there were once women of The Dreamtime who travelled the earth with savage dogs that guarded their camps at night from men and as these women travelled, they sometimes had to leave their babies behind while gathering food. They told their children to never make a sound or a whisper, less the men would hear them and steal them and so they hid them near stones and water holes where these lizards resided for protection. If their mother's never returned, their spirits eventually entered the rocks and I guess over time, the spirits of the forgotten children became the Mountain Devil Lizards too. Forever silent and covered in thorns to keep enemies away from them. Maybe their spirits are in this tree also, who knows?"\
Lucy shivered at the thought. "Why did the women leave them if they knew that some men would try and steal them? Wouldn't it have been better to take them along to keep them safe?" asked Lucy.\
Mr Littlemore looked at Lucy with a smile, "Perhaps it would have, but sometimes people think they are making the right choices, even though it may not look like it to others." he said.\
Lucy continued to think about the story as she looked at the wooden devil-shapes. For a moment she really saw a creature frozen in the tree, or perhaps it was the spirit of the forgotten silent children trying to break free. She hoped one day they would be. \
\
Her thoughts were interrupted by Mrs Hawkins, who had called everyone together to say that they would be stopping for a lunch break once they reached Echo Point. Lucy sat with Bea on a rock and fed Jesse some of her sandwich as discreetly as she could. He was incredibly hungry and tired, which made her wonder if he would make it back up The Giant Stairway on the way to the bus. As she ate her lunch, she told Bea about The Mountain Devil myth that Mr Littlemore had shared with her and all about the strange trees with the little creatures. \
"Imagine if it was really true? It certainly makes that tree a lot more scary". said Bea.\
"I don't know, I find it fascinating that there could be this whole other world living in the rocks and the trees" mused Lucy.\
"What happens if the other world doesn't have nice people?" asked Bea.\
"Well, I haven't found this world to have such great people", Lucy said sadly. She was about to continue, but she was suddenly interrupted by Mrs Hawkins making an announcement.\
"Now girls, while you have your lunch, I want you to be aware that we are facing a famous rock formation in The Blue Mountains called 
\f3\i The Three Sisters. 
\f2\i0 Does anyone here know why they are called 
\f3\i The Three Sisters
\f2\i0 ? No one at all? Very well then." said Mrs Hawkins clearing her throat as she launched into a monologue on her knowledge about the rocks.\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\sl336\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f3\i \cf0 "
\f2\i0 Aboriginal legend says that the three young sisters from one tribe had fallen in love with three brothers from another tribe and were forbidden to marry, so the three brothers decided to capture the three sisters by force and a great tribal war began. Apparently an elder who was a witch doctor turned the sisters into stone to protect them from harm until the battle was over. Unfortunately, he died during the battle and so the sisters remained forever, trapped in the rock
\f3\i ".\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\sl336\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f2\i0 \cf0 \
There was a collective sound of horror from the young girls when Mrs Hawkins finished imparting the myth, who seemed ever so pleased with herself for having caused a reaction. \
"Again" thought Lucy intrigued, "another tale about spirits trapped in the rocks". \
Now, in a few minutes girls, I will allow three of you at a time to go over to the look out with Mr Littlemore and take any photos that you wish to take. I expect you to research this myth and hand in an illustrated account by next Monday!"\
Lucy and Bea were waiting in line for their turn when Lucy suddenly saw Jesse run off back towards The Giant Stairway.\
"Oh no!" gasped Lucy, as she quickly ran from the line to chase after Jesse. \
"What's happened?" Bea asked after her anxiously as she watched her run off. Lucy didn't respond and just kept running. Bea was filled with panic and completely confused as to what to do. 
\f3\i That dog! 
\f2\i0 Bea fumed to herself. She knew that she should tell Mrs Hawkins that Lucy had run off and yet she knew that if she did, she would get Lucy into a thousand different kinds of trouble AND force Lucy to talk about Jesse. Bea weighed up what to do, concluding that things would not be good for Lucy if she talked about an invisible dog, especially in front of 
\f3\i The Club
\f2\i0 . No she must not say a thing, at least not yet.\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\sl336\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f3\i \cf0 Just hurry back Lucy,
\f2\i0  she thought. 
\f3\i Hurry back, please!\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\sl336\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0 \cf0 \
\
\
\
                                                
\i0      \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\sl336\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f3\i \cf0 Chapter Four \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\sl336\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0 \cf0 \

\f1\i0 \
The boy on the rock \
\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\sl336\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f2 \cf0 Lucy ran back up The Giant Stairway after Jesse, who had disappeared from view around the bend. Lucy made it up to where the path forked and she had no idea in which direction Jesse had run. She realised that she was faced with whether to turn back and join her school group or risk getting into serious trouble trying to find Jesse. Her heart shuddered at the thought of losing her new friend, she knew she had to try to find him, so she headed left down the unknown path. As she made her way down, she saw Jesse drinking with such fervour from a waterfall that she immediately felt terrible for failing to see how her poor dog had been completely thirsty from the walk. She ran up to him and hugged him.\
"I'm so sorry Jesse, I should have realised that you would be extra thirsty".\
"He's an Imaginal dog". said a voice from a nearby rock.  \
Lucy turned around quickly to see where the voice came from and she saw a young boy standing on a rock.\
"Your dog", he continued, "It's an Imaginal dog, I can tell, they always move quicker than earthly dogs and they always go in and out of visibility when they are in new places". The boy did an unexpected forward somersault off the rock, which was quite a decent height from the ground and landed with a perfect 10 dismount right next to Lucy, who was standing there with her mouth open. \
"I'm Hero" he said. "Hero Livingston. What's your name?" \
"Um" said Lucy after a pause. "My name is Lucy Barker". On closer inspection, the boy's features were too feminine to be a boy, she thought and before she could stop herself, she asked "Are you a boy?" \
"No." said Hero, who seemed strangely happy by the mistake. "But I can do anything any boy can" she said as she ran towards a tree and darted up with a remarkable agility and strength Lucy had never before seen in a girl. She then jumped down with the grace and ease of a jungle cat.\
She began to wonder if Hero was indeed a boy, pretending to be a girl. How could Lucy think otherwise after all, Hero was dressed in quarter length, cut-off baggy black jeans, held up with a brown leather belt and a chain also hung from her waist and was clipped to the pocket. Her bare feet poked out from the bottom covered in dirt and mud and several bruises and cuts, no doubt incurred by acrobatics on sharp rocks. An oversized, faded black BLONDIE T-Shirt hung scruffily under an old brown men's waistcoat and her dirty blonde shortish hair was out of control shaggy, as if it had never seen a comb in its life. In spite of this visual ode to a dishevelled old man, Hero's feature's were petite and soft, her sky blue eyes were so other-worldly that they immediately gave away her femininity, which was where, Lucy guessed, the whole confusion began.\
"What are you doing here by yourself?" asked Hero, \
"I was trying to find Jesse, she ran off. I'm here with my school group, so I better get back now". said Lucy, then she paused before asking,\
"What did you mean by an Imaginal dog? \
"Aren't you an Imaginer?", Hero asked. \
"What's an Imaginer?"asked Lucy\
"Someone who can do what you did to manifest that dog" said Hero, surfing her foot against a rock as she spoke.\
\
Lucy fell silent and studied Hero. How was this girl able to share her imagined world, able to see her dog when nobody else had been able to and before Lucy could stop herself, she had blurted out,"How is it that you can see my dog?"\
Hero laughed a little, "Only Imaginers can see things that leave the trace from The Helm", finished Hero. "Anyway, he is not fully formed, so he has not manifested entirely, he is like a ghost, which is what happens when people are not entirely clear when they Imagine, unless of course, you 
\f3\i wanted
\f2\i0  the average folk to not be able to see him". \
\
Lucy was too shocked to speak. hero seemed completely familiar with the world that until that moment, she had believed belonged to her exclusively.\
"Is that what you wanted?" repeated Hero\
Lucy suddenly found her voice again, "I've always wanted a dog, but my parents wouldn't let me have a pet, so I asked for one that they would never find out about, anyway, what's an Imaginer? And what's The Helm?" asked Lucy who was deeply fascinated by this strange girl now.\
"Imaginers are people like you and me, those who can enter The Dreamhelm" said Hero, "The place you go to when you Imagine, where everything is created" she continued, surprised at Lucy's lack of awareness. "I mean there have been many names for it I guess, the original folk from these parts call it The Dreaming or The Dreamtime, non-Imaginers call it the Imagination, but most people I grew up with call it The Dreamhelm".\
"I had no idea that it was an 
\f3\i actual
\f2\i0  place." said Lucy.\
"Where do you think your were when you imagined your dog?" asked Hero surprised. \
Hero noticed Lucy's stunned face, so she continued, "It's a shared world of Imagination; mine, yours, your best friend's, your parent's, stranger's you'll never speak to, everyone's. It's just some people are able to move through it completely awake, like us".\
\
Lucy was overwhelmed by what she was hearing. She realised she should get going, but she was completely entranced by Hero, who seemed well beyond her years. \
Lucy said suddenly, "Shouldn't you be in school? I mean, why are you just wandering around here by yourself? And how old are you anyway?" \
"I was 12 a few weeks ago, what about you", asked Hero.\
"I'm 12 too", said Lucy.\
"I should be at school, but I don't go there often", said Hero. I guess it's not really where I want to be. I'd rather be near The Doorways and wait until they are safely open, it's a billion time better than listening to Mrs Barwick trying to explain how the world was made. I just don't believe all that stuff anymore anyway."\
"The Doorways? asked Lucy, who had suddenly forgotten that she should be heading back.\
"The Doorways!" Hero repeated a little impatiently, \
"Wow, you really don't know much about what you do" she said shaking her head.\
"Tell me about The Doorways" Lucy said, completely transfixed.\
"The Doorways are the best entry points into The DreamHelm, some of the best ones are up here" said Hero with an authoritative tone. "But that my new friend, is a whole other conversation for a whole other day, the only thing you need to know right now to avoid danger is how to steer clear of The Shapers" Hero said dramatically as she suddenly rose to her feet.\
"The Shapers?" asked Lucy like a confused, lost lamb far away from what it had always known.\
"They were once just simple Imaginers like us, but became too excited by having such power in the Realm of Time, they hunt Imaginers and bring them to the darkness". said Hero, looking at Lucy directly to see her reaction\
Lucy shuddered. How could a world she had thought unique to her until then have such a hidden, complex structure without her noticing.\
"Our folk call them Dreamshapers, and they wait near The Doorways, ready to pounce on Imaginers at their most vulnerable, entering the Dreamhelm. Better to be aware of them Lucy, I'm not trying to scare you or nothing" Hero apologised, noticing Lucy's face.\
Lucy had been staring off, trying to comprehend all that Hero was sharing with her. She was still trying to come to terms with the fact that there was someone who could see Jesse as well. She came out of her revere suddenly with an acute panic attack as it dawned on her that she had been gone for a very long time. \
"I had really better go too Hero. It was so great to meet you." \
"Yeah", said Hero "Do you want to meet up again? It sounds like you don't know much about what you're dealing with and that can be dangerous. You have no idea how dangerous". said Hero seriously.\
"I'd love to meet up again" said Lucy excitedly. \
"Ok, what about this weekend?"\
Lucy remembered her parent's exhibition and knew that there was no way that she could get out of it.\
'I can't this weekend, Maybe next weekend?" said Lucy, dejected.\
"Ok' said Hero, "But if you change your mind about this weekend, you can reach me at this place". \
Hero pulled out a small pencil from a sweat band she had around her wrist and ripped some paper off an equally small post-it notepad from her bag and wrote her address down. Lucy took a piece of paper herself and wrote her address and phone number down on it, she gave Hero the paper and then read Hero's note to her,\
"Don't you have a mobile or something?" asked Lucy.\
"I don't use mobile phones, you can be traced too easily. Anyway, they were initiated by The Dreamshapers to help them monitor everyone. It's just opening up a line of connection to them".\
"Well let me give you my address too", said Lucy grabbing the Post-it notes and pencil. She handed it to Hero and they both paused.\
"Well see you again Lucy, see you Jesse" and she turned and walked into the bush.\
Lucy turned and ran back to The Giant Stairway and saw the smallest slither of A Roselake School uniform disappear behind a bend ahead of her. She was in luck, "Come on Jesse, we can still make it back with the group if we run."\
\
\
\
                                                  \
                                                     \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\sl336\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f3\i \cf0 Chapter Five \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\sl336\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0 \cf0 \

\f1\i0 Hero Livingstone \
\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\sl336\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f2 \cf0 Smoke poured out from the chimney of a small white house, nestled in amongst untamed bush in the Mountain region of Blackheath. The sound of a distant piano coming from the room at the rear of the house was an invitation of warmth, as were the fairy lights wrapped around the verandah that came to life the moment the sun gave way to the moon. Set high and alone on a hill, the backdrop of mountains brushed with a hazy blue gave the home of Hero Livingstone an other worldly quality. The sight of her home that evening as she walked up the winding dirt road to her door was as always, one of comfort for Hero. \
She lived there with Dana, her mother, who was an art teacher at the local High School. Hero's father had left them when she was 4 years old and Dana had become mother and father, as well as friend and teacher to her. The two of them shared a unique bond unlike any seen, where only complete honesty was tolerated between them. Dana always made Hero feel that she was not only the most important person in her world, but her equal - just a little younger is all. Hero loved no one more than Dana and if her father was unable to see the treasure he had left behind, then that was his loss thought Hero.\
"I'm home", Hero sung out loudly, so as to be heard over the piano. \
Dana stopped playing the piano and came into the living room and kissed her daughter.\
"Are your hungry? I've made some lentil soup and some fresh sourdough."\
"Super hungry" said Hero.\
"So where have you been today? I didn't see you at school this afternoon", Dana asked as she served Hero's dinner.\
"Echo Point, up near The Doorways", said Hero, stuffing too much bread into her mouth to be truly coherent.\
"How was the school excursion to Megalong Valley? asked Hero tentatively.\
"It was a pretty good day; nice to be back there again actually" said Dana, her voice trailing off suddenly as she stared out the kitchen window.\
Hero noticed Dana's mood change, Did you see Catcher? Was he there? \
"No, he wasn't around. He probably saw the school bus and headed into the heart of the valley to escape a sudden people explosion, or maybe just me, who knows."\
"Why are you saying that? I can tell that he really likes you and besides, I really like him, so I want him to like you. He'd be such a super Dad. Hero stood up suddenly and exuberantly gestured, "Imagine if I could say 
\f3\i This is
\f2\i0  
\f3\i My Dad: Catcher - The Famous Thresholder, commonly known to ordinary folk as Raife Dylan".
\f2\i0 \
Dana raises her hand up to motion Hero to stop.\
"Hero, you need to forget that idea. Raife 
\f3\i is
\f2\i0  a Thresholder and as exciting as it sounds, he is a lone wolf. He belongs to nobody and nobody belongs to him. So don't start getting attached to 
\f3\i any
\f2\i0  idea about anything to do with him being anything other than a protector of The Doorways. That is what he is. He can be nothing more".\
Hero gave a frustrated groan, spitting bread out of mouth as she did.\
"Why are adults so completely ridiculous when it comes to liking someone?" Hero stated rather than asked. "It seems like it should be so simple. He likes you, you like him, what
\f3\i  is
\f2\i0  the problem? It all just seems so stupidly complicated", said Hero with unusual impatience. Dana looked at her daughter in silence, but with a sadness that quietly asked the same question.\
"I don't know Hero", Dana said after a drawn out sigh, "It's something that cannot be explained clearly".\
"You know what 
\f3\i I
\f2\i0  think it is?" said Hero with a continuing fervour, "Adults forget how to be happy. It's like one day, they decide that everything has to make them miserable, 
\f3\i especially
\f2\i0  when they like somebody. So do you know what? I'm going to make sure I never grow up or when I do, I'm going to make sure that by then, I'm afraid of nothing. Absolutely nothing will make me afraid or unhappy."\
Dana chuckled a little, "Good! I'm glad you want to grow up to fear nothing. If you succeed, then I have done my job, but it's unfair to say that adults only want misery. It's just that happiness is not handed to you on a plate the way it seems to when you're a kid. It's a little trickier when you grow up, you have to create it each day. It's up to you".\
"Then why can't you and Catcher just 
\f3\i be
\f2\i0  together? You are so miserable when you don't see him". said Hero with less fervour and more concern for Dana.\
Dana sat down in front of Hero and took her hand, "Some things are not simple Hero. Raife cannot 
\f3\i do
\f2\i0  this kind of thing", she said as her hand gestured around her. "The house, the car, the family waiting at home for him while he is off at some job that he doesn't believe in, it's just not who he is and especially with the knowledge he has about how this world really works". She paused to see if what she was saying to Hero was sinking in at all before continuing, "He has to do what he is destined to and be where he is. Besides, there are many other things that prevent us from being together that hopefully one day you will come to understand. Just please believe me that he wants nothing more than for us to be safe and happy. You can always call on him if you ever need help while you're in The Dreamhelm, he is there to protect you."\
Dana squeezed Hero's hand and stood up, "Shall we watch a film tonight?" she said, trying to change the subject that brought her nothing but immense sadness. \
Hero finished the last of her soup and shook her head, "Mmmm, maybe not tonight, I've had a strange day, I can feel a little Dreamwalk calling me, so I might go and lay down, see where it takes me".\
"Alright then darling. Dream well and safe, I love you" says Dana, giving Hero a kiss on the top of her shaggy head.\
Hero stood up and turning to leave the room, she remembered something and stopped, "I met another Imaginer today, a city girl, up near Echo Point. She was there with her school group".\
"How did you know she was an Imaginer, did she have the trace?" asked Dana with slight curiosity.\
"It was her dog actually that made me realise, he was an Imaginal dog, not fully formed at all and Lucy, that's her name, had only the slightest trace, so she has probably not made it fully into The Dreamhelm yet, or if she has, she isn't aware of what it is. She has 
\f3\i no
\f2\i0  idea at all what she is doing really, we should help her try to\'85" Hero's voice floated off as she noticed an expression on Dana's face that she had never seen before.\
"What's wrong?" asked Hero suddenly very concerned about her mother's reaction.\
Dana turned to Hero finally and whispered "Did you say her name was Lucy?"\
"Yes" said Hero "Why, do you know her?" Hero thought for a moment,"How can you know her, she is only 12?"\
Dana's eyes grew even wider, "She's 12 you say, and she has an Imaginal dog?" asked Dana with a growing urgency in her voice. Hero, who was deeply confused at this moment, could only muster a nod. Standing there waiting for some answers, Hero saw her mother grow silent and then suddenly race to her desk in the corner of the lounge room where she took out a pen and some paper and wrote very clearly on it:\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\sl336\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f1 \cf0                        "It's begun"
\f0 \
\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\sl336\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f2 \cf0 She then folded the note and began to search for an envelope. \
"What is going on? asked Hero, following her mother around the house, "What has begun?".\
"It's too complex to go into Hero, but I 
\f3\i will
\f2\i0  tell you in time, but I cannot right now". Dana was interrupted by the doorbell and Hero and her mother both looked at each other quizzically as to whether either had been expecting anyone.\
'I'll get it" said Dana.\
She opened the door and on the doorstep was Gordon Wilson, a 14 year old local boy and Hero's best friend. "Is Hero in?" he asked with his typical ambivalence for formalities such as, 
\f3\i hello. \
"
\f2\i0 Yes", said Dana, suddenly very happy to see him. Gordon lived with his mother and extended family who were counted amongst the remaining Wiradjuri tribe of the greater Blue Mountains. His knowledge of the bush in the region was no match for anyone, except perhaps Catcher himself and it was he that Dana must reach urgently; Gordon was the only person for the task at this late hour.\
"Gordon I need your help, have you seen Catcher about?" Dana asked calmly, trying to hide her urgency.\
"In the cave down in Megalong Valley, I saw him headin' there about a few days back" said Gordon running his long fingers though his mop of curly black hair with the same casual air with which he did most things.\
Dana took a breath, "I need to get this note to him as soon as possible, tonight if you can".\
Gordon took the note and opened it, again completely unconcerned as to whether this was the polite thing to do. He read it and looked Dana in the eyes with the slightest glint of intrigue.\
"Ok" he said, "But I'm gonna need your jeep, I'm not ridin' my bike that far in the dark".\
Dana was about to agree, but then hesitated. She had forgotten that Gordon was too young to drive, he always seemed at least 5 years older. Not that Dana hadn't seen him behind a wheel frequently in her time, but there was no way, should anything unfortunate happen to him would she allow it to happen on her watch. "Perhaps I should drive you" she said, "That is if you don't mind heading into the bush alone".\
"OK, but only if i can have some'ov that soup first, I'm starvin'". \
Dana served him a small bowl of soup with bread and 40 minutes later, Hero, Dana and Gordon had piled into the jeep and headed off into the night. \
\
\
\
                                                          \
                                                  \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\sl336\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f3\i \cf0 Chapter Six \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\sl336\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0 \cf0 \

\f1\i0 \
riddle in THE DREAmhelm\
\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\sl336\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f2 \cf0 The three Imaginers made their way out into the chilled night air and once in the car, they all retreated into their individual worlds for the entire journey. Gordon put on his iPod and covered his head with his hood and kept his eyes fixed on the landscape that moved quickly outside the window. Dana was consumed with an electrical feeling brought on perhaps by the mention of Lucy, a sudden midnight drive into the wilderness and also the possibility of seeing Raife. She put on the radio to keep her focused on something besides her feelings. She looked in the revision mirror and noticed that her daughter had fallen asleep. At that very moment, Dana thought Hero had never looked more peaceful and for the first time in a while, she saw the fragile little girl that Hero kept hidden away from the world beneath men's clothing. Her heart filled with such immense love for her that before she knew it, she was tasting salt from her eyes on her lips.\
\
Hero had taken the opportunity to curl up in the back seat of the jeep. Exhausted by the day and warm in the belly from the soup, she drifted off with her head against the window. Hero was unlike most other Imaginers who required a power location to harness the forces that enabled them to remain conscious the moment they entered the Dreamhelm. More often than not, most Imaginers were unable to overcome the desire to remain asleep, but Hero was able to enter the Dreamhelm at will, no matter where her location. So that night in her mother's moving car, as she fell into her unconscious world, her conscious mind awoke and she immediately found herself at the entry grounds of The Helm. Realising where she was, Hero quickly made her way over to the launch pad - a football field size chessboard surrounded by luscious gardens and peacocks running everywhere. She stood in the middle and looked west until a building appeared like no other.\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\sl336\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f3\i \cf0 Yes, 
\f2\i0 thought Hero as she saw The Manifestation Tower, 
\f3\i I have some questions that need answering 
\f2\i0 and made her way over to the entrance. \
Hero had learnt not to linger around on her journey to the Manifestation Tower, lest she be seen by those who seek to destroy the hopes of dreamers. The Dreamshapers were once just ordinary Imaginers, but lust for making their way up the ladder of power and control had corrupted them. They now sort to capture the souls of innocent Imaginers to gain status and kudos amongst the dark one and ultimately the Darkest one of all. Imaginers old and new feared them and many stories had been written and shared amongst the world wide community of Imaginers about their nefarious deeds and unrelenting pursuit of new recruits.  \
\
To outmanoeuvre them, Hero's movements were as usual, lithe and quick, but not swift enough that night it seemed, for The Dreamshapers had seen her and had begun their pursuit to catch up with her. They descended upon her undetected, the very moment she had entered The Dreamhelm and had followed her through the shadows of the surrounding trees, while some of them shape-shifted and flew above her disguised as blacker than night ravens. Hero darted over rocks and sprang into action once she realised that she had been ambushed. Their elongated forms, distorted by lust for power and control, slithered around her from every angle. She side-stepped them as they reached for her, cartwheeling over extended arms and back-flipping away from their encirclement. She darted left to their right and right to their left, using every surface between her and the Manifestation Tower as a spring board to liberty. \
The Dreamshapers' determination however, would not be abated  nor their maddening murmurs that chorused around her as they tried to persuade her away from her path. Had she been an inexperienced Imaginer, she may have succumbed to their subliminal messages to turn back and head for the Black Marshlands; a place so consumed by fear that no light was able to penetrate it to offer any form. It was the place where all nightmares were conceived and the place that The Dreamshapers had ultimately sold their allegiance to. \
Hero had never been taken by the Dreamshapers like most other Imaginers and the millions of unconscious dreamers across the globe. Her agility in The Helm and her ability to control her own mind had always been her greatest weapons, and it was those skills that were now being tested as she tried to out run her pursuers. For the first time, Hero felt a brush of fear, as the hand of Balgair, one of the most aggressive Dreamshapers grabbed her shirt. He whispered in his usual horrifying soulless voice something that Hero at first could not make out, but he soon came right up to her ear and with an authority in his voice that concealed no other intention than getting an exact answer, he asked, 
\f3\i "Where IS she?
\f2\i0 "\
Hero yelled out as she tried to wiggle herself free from his clasp and make a desperate leap towards the entry of The Manifestation Tower, but Balgair's grip was tight and the other Dreamshapers had surrounded Hero on the ground entirely as well as above her. They all snarled at her repeating in a looped chorus, 
\f3\i Where is she?",
\f2\i0  until the sound of their collective voices made Hero grab her ears and scream out "
\f3\i I don't know who you are talking about? Where is WHO?".\
"The LightBearer, tell us her name. Tell us where she lives and we will spare you on this night a life in the Black Marshlands", 
\f2\i0 hissed Balgair.\
Hero was a few inches away from The Manifestation Tower, but not close enough to the entrance to make a clean break for it. She looked at the circle of Shapers blocking a solid wall of the Tower and made a decision. She knew that she had to act quickly as The Shapers were neither going to let her go nor spare her from The Marshlands no matter what she said, for she had no answers. So with all her will power, she stilled her breath and cleared her mind and watched with the eye between the eyes, the space in the mind that played host to infinite possibility. She opened her eyes and said "Let my arm go first". Balgair surveyed her face to see if there was any hint of cunning, but he felt confident that Hero had nowhere to go, so acquiesced to her demand.\
The moment he let go, Hero moved with the swiftness of a gazelle through the form of the surrounding Shapers and through the seemingly solid ground floor wall of The Manifestation Tower. When Hero made it safely to the other side, she turned to see the wall mould itself back into something that appeared solid. Hero compared the sensation of moving through something so solid like passing through a train tunnel; remarkably undramatic in reality. Hero chuckled to herself for having ever doubted the possibility.\
"Nothing to fear", she said to herself.\
\
The Dreamshapers were no longer able to enter the realm of The Manifestation Tower, one of the last few places in The Dreamhelm that had not and could not be penetrated by the darkness. It's presence was now the one symbol of hope for the countless Imaginers who had contributed to its protection over the centuries of human time. Hero immediately knew that she was safe enough to let down her guard and head for the Room of Answers. She began to bound up the stairs to the 4th floor when she was stopped by a young luminous boy, around her age wearing all white, including some winged NIKE hi-top kicks. \
"Don't you need me anymore?" he asked Hero with a hint of humour.\
"I don't need anybody" said Hero dismissively, "Especially a boy's help".\
"It's not a weakness to need people 
\f3\i or
\f2\i0  to be friendly", he said sounding slightly hurt. He focused on Hero for another moment and then turned to attend to another arrival seeking a lift.\
Hero looked after him for a moment and realised that she had no need to be so defensive with him, after all, it was his job to fly people to their destinations, he meant no harm. What she really did resent about him was that as a boy, he had it all. It was always the boys who were given the exciting roles in life, while girls had to just sit around waiting in the wings to grab a boy's autograph at the end of the battle. 
\f3\i Not me, 
\f2\i0 thought Hero, 
\f3\i I carry my own sword and carve my own destiny with it thanks.
\f2\i0 \
These self-affirming thoughts helped carry her to the 4th floor before she knew it and she made her way to The Room of Answers that was on the left of The Hall Without End. This floor had always unnerved Hero a little, mainly due to its namesake and it's shadows. The vanishing point always made Hero experience the infinite possibility of The Helm and the thought of that made Hero both excited and afraid. 
\f3\i One day i will just keep walking into that void and just keep walking until i find the end,
\f2\i0  thought Hero as she stared down the hallway and after thinking for a few more moments, she turned and made her way to her destination. \
\
The Room of Answers was a place that all Imaginers could visit only three times in one lifetime to avoid a glut of Imaginers in the waiting room, therefore one must choose their questions carefully lest they waste an opportunity. This was to be Hero's first visit as she walked a well trodden path that had been made over thousands of years to what Hero felt, was the most unlikely of entrances. A humble and deeply flawed wooden door with a missing metal hinge opened onto perhaps one of the most important rooms in The Manifestation Tower. Hero made her way through the door to where a welcoming fire threw light onto several inviting couches that filled a room encased in floor to ceiling bookcases, stacked with every possible book ever written. 
\f3\i The Room of Answers was more like the living room in the house of a retired Historian,
\f2\i0  thought Hero and not so far from the truth, for behind an old tapestry wall hanging emerged the caretaker of the room, who was the very image of an old Professor. \
He was leading to the door a fellow Imaginer, who was in tears from receiving most likely the answer she 
\f3\i didn't
\f2\i0  want to hear, when he stopped upon seeing Hero at the entrance.\
"Can I help you" asked the old Professor as he surveyed Hero's face, to determine her motivation for being there.\
She looked at the many fellow Imaginers who filled the room, waiting on couches, up on ladders looking through books and others, just frantically pacing.\
"Here's hoping", said Hero, trying not to seem as desperate as those around her.\
Intrigued, the Professor responded, "I think I know why you're here".\
"You do?" asked Hero surprised.\
"Of course, i didn't get this post for nothing" he said with a chuckle, "Listen to me Hero\'85"\
"How do you know my name?" Hero interrupted.\
"I knew that you would come sooner or later and besides, I've just suddenly recognised you. You have your mother's eyes".\
"You
\f3\i  know 
\f2\i0 my mother?" Hero asked \
"Of course, she is well known and loved by many in The Dreamhelm" said the Professor with an air of nostalgia. "But listen to me now Hero, I have many people to see before you and you do not have enough time to wait. The answer you seek can be gleaned from the 11th book on the top shelf up there, page 565" he said, pointing to a shelf high up towards the ceiling."\
If you have the patience to unravel the riddle, there your answer shall be. Read it, memorise it and tell no one" he finished quickly.\
"What is my question?" asked Hero, trying to test the Professor, lest he had guided her to the wrong answer.\
The Professor paused briefly before answering Hero. \
"Why is Lucy Barker so important?"\
He said it in a way that was neither condescending nor smug.\
Hero stepped back, a little shocked by this man's far reaching knowledge. He seemed to glow with a light that was common among those who staffed The Manifestation Tower. Perhaps it was his impeccably white suit and white shirt that made him shine like a benevolent moon. His face was kind, but his eyes conveyed that he also was burdened with the gift of knowing too much.\
"Yes" she whispered, "Yes, that is my question".\
The Professor nodded to the shelf in the far left hand corner.\
Hero thanked him and made her way to the shelf, taking down a book that was thick, like an ancient bible and flicked impatiently through the pages until she came to the one that said 565. A very old style of etching that was slightly foxed filled the page and showed a tall, faceless Shadowy figure recoiling back in the presence of a small girl, who held out a flower to the distorted form. Light beams were shooting from the girl to the Shadowy figure and beneath the image there was a lengthy inscription that read:\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural
\cf0 \

\f5 Ode to the shadow maker\
\
Once i was only light\
living constant the eternal now\
but, did not know my Self\
\
So i cast a shadow\
on the ground beneath my feet\
so that i could see \
who is this Self?\
\
I saw my Godhood,\
my all pervasive I am.\
and I marvelled at my worth.\
i began to fashion this image\
out of the earth's good soil\
lest i forget\
or be forgotten.\
\
At that moment of knowing my glory,\
out of the darkness that i'd cast\
came a creature more horrifying\
more wicked,\
more conceited \
than any creature known.\
\
It whispered to me a destiny\
too terrible to scribe\
so i cast it behind me \
back into the shadows\
unseen.\
\
Had i known that such a thing\
hated nothing more than rejection\
i would  not have failed to notice\
it's darkness gather a momentum\
that threatened to consume the light.\
\
So my once long strides broke into a run\
and i ran for years\
i hid for decades from this creature\
Until one night when its darkness\
nearly had me forget the source\
of all that is light and good\
i turned around blindfolded,\
lest i be burnt by it's image\
and did battle with it.\
\
We fought long and hard\
as weeks became months\
and years became a war zone.\
A mastermind\
always knowing where to trip me up\
until i learnt how to be one step ahead.\
i became a Hero of my time,\
a Gamesman \
in how to outsmart the Shadowmaker\
and his traps to showcase my weakness.\
\
When i reached an age of quiet serenity,\
i knew that victory was mine.\
Or so it seemed.\
That nefarious creature had been laying low\
with no other weapon, \
but trickery hidden\
behind layers of false surrender.\
\
Knowing my heart's secrets \
concealed from world's view,\
he opened up that forgotten door in me\
that led back to a love so deep\
that it consumed me,\
took away my boundaries\
where i basked in a bliss, unparalleled.\
\
This love i had left,\
cast it aside \
for fear of extinction\
of the Self,\
The I.\
i turned my back that day\
on what would have been my salvation\
had i not been so seduced by my pride\
and the need to protect it.\
\
The Shadow showed me who i was now;\
top of my game\
a Master of self control \
and yet wrapped in the all consuming loneliness\
of the aged and forgotten,\
of one who had abandoned love\
for preservation of a beast that never sleeps\
who holds a sword to defend itself\
against all attacks\
seemingly real or imagined.\
\
How that Shadow laughed at me\
and my secret allegiance to it now revealed\
when it saw the horror on my face \
as i recalled what i had given up \
to become immortal\
in my own mind.\
\
That forgotten love,\
Unconditional and accepting\
of both the light\
and the dark in me\
gifted me a moment to feel whole\
taken back to the source \
of the one true light,\
a light that knew of my dark\
and yet had loved me anyway.\
\
My death soon is to be nothing more\
than a release to this Love,\
a return to the Source \
where light and darkness \
are loved as one\
and the same. \
 \
The Shadow Maker,\
a Teacher\
a Way shower to what keeps me separate\
from this truth.\
\
Had i my time again, \
i would know this truth\
and the Shadowmaker I would love\
as i love myself.\
and free all others.\

\f2 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\sl336\slmult1\pardirnatural
\cf0 Hero read the words over several times, each time trying to make sense of it. There was no way she would ever memorise it and she became deeply irritated with the Professor for insisting that she could even try. How would she find her answer if she was unable to understand the message in the writings and furthermore, what in the world did it have to do with Lucy?\
Hero turned the book over and read the title on the spine: \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\sl336\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f5 \cf0 Solas \'e0 Dorchadas
\f2  \
\
Hero wasn't sure what it meant or even what language it was, but she decided it was easier to remember that book title rather than the whole story. \
So she cleared her mind, took a breath and repeated the words 7 times, which was how many times one must repeat any action or thought for it to enter the cellular memory, or so her mother had said. She then imagined herself finding this book once she left The Dreamhelm, taking several moments to completely picture it. Then she waited for that response in herself that confirmed she would indeed find the book and after a few moments, she felt the conviction in her belly. Then as she had been taught to do, she let go of any attachment to it happening, knowing without a slither of doubt that it would be done. \
She then skipped out of the room and made her way back down the stairs to the exit, preparing herself for a fresh assault from The Dreamshapers. She crossed paths again with NIKE Boy who at first pretended he hadn't seen her, but as Hero made her way to the door of The Manifestation Tower, he stopped her.\
"I wouldn't go out just yet Hero" he said.\
Hero looked at him puzzled.\
"Too many Shapers to make it safely", he explained.\
"It's O.K Mr NIKE-Dancing-Shoes, I fear no one" Hero said like a jaded War Lord and she stepped out into the night air of The Dreamhelm.\
No sooner had she made it out, the Dreamshapers descended upon her with a fire in their belly to catch her after the escape stunt she had pulled on them. Balgair was flying at her with a ferocity that Hero had never seen before and she only escaped his grasp for the effort she had put in recently to mastering a handless cartwheel over his back. She darted with such speed that she was almost invisible, but The Shapers were hungry for her almost purely now for her having the audacity to out-smart them. For all her agility, it appeared to Hero with increasing anxiety that their pursuit looked surely to be a success, becoming quickly consumed by their darkness. She yelled out at the thought of them having victory and at the very moment she thought her fate was theirs, she felt a benevolent hand pull her by the arm and yank her quickly up and onto the back of the boy she had just insulted.\
\
From the door of The Tower, NIKE Boy had seen The Shapers descend upon and swamp Hero and he left his post immediately, which was strictly an absolutely forbidden action for any staff of The Manifestation Tower, lest a breakdown in security should prevail. NIKE however justified it in his mind as an emergency and before he could think of consequences, he had flown to help Hero.\
When Hero saw NIKE appear, she had never been more grateful for his presence, who besides being fast and wing-footed, was able to shoot light beams from his bow at the dark and twisted forms of The Shapers, their groans echoing each time a light beam entered their body. Hero used her legs as a weapon, kicking with ferocity any Shaper who came within an inch of her. \
As a unified force, Hero and NIKE were unstoppable and with the chessboard launchpad in view, they had only to make their way past Balgair, the ultimate Dreamshaper and they were free. Balgair however was filled with rabid rage as he watched his fellow Shapers fall one after the other to a light beam or a kick. \
He made himself grow larger than any mortal man and take on the head of a Wolverine, with salivating mouth extended, teeth ready to make anything that moved a feast. He leapt at NIKE taking his foot tightly between his jaws and a howl of pain escaped the wing-shoed boy like nothing Hero had heard before. Upon seeing this, her anger morphed into unparalleled strength and she pulled back her leg in the way she had seen in a mixed martial arts manual at Gordon's house. She remembered that the essential aspect of the side kick was to simulate a tightly wound spring and release the leg with that vision of power. Hero kicked the Wolverine head with such force, it knocked Balgair back to the ground with incredible speed. \
Hero watched Balgair until he landed and then steered the two of them to safety. NIKE'S foot however, was bleeding profusely and the wing on his shoe had all but broken off. Flying on the back of a boy wearing only one winged shoe made Hero's descent sharp and painful. They landed heavily and then silence. They both paused to gather themselves after such an fight for their lives and then Hero immediately sprung into action, trying to source the plant in the scrub nearby that she knew would help stop the bleeding until he could be assisted back at The Manifestation Tower.\
She located it after a few minutes and then attended NIKE, binding his foot with the remnants of his white TeeShirt. \
"I guess i need your help after all" she said with deep contrition for her prior behaviour.\
"I don't know", he said, "You seemed to handle yourself pretty well, but as a team we're something else hey?".\
He smiled at Hero and she blushed for the first time in her short life. She then called out, "Somebody help!" which she repeated several times until in the distance she saw a curious apparition. \
\
A flying makeshift ensemble of found mechanical parts and wood began to hover towards them. The strange machine was like The Manifestation Tower itself, a little bit taken from this era and another bit taken from another time altogether. It finally made its way slowly to where the two Imaginers were waiting and a man jumped out, no taller than 5 feet. He had a brightly dyed red, very long beard and was wearing a completed white tracksuit with much gold jewellery that Hero told NIKE Boy was a street term known as "Bling". Hero couldn't help think that he looked as if someone had sold Harlem Rap culture to Rumplestiltskin. \
\
"Me name's Lewis McKinley if you was a wee wondering with yer mouth all open as such as it is", he said to Hero in an almost incomprehensible Scottish accent. \
He gathered up NIK\'c8,"Come on lad, let's get yer fixed up and then after that yer going to be in a whole lot of terrible trouble for running off and leavin' yer post like that, but first we have to fix yer before we break yer". \
He laughed at what he imagined was a joke, but NIKE knew that trouble 
\f3\i did
\f2\i0  indeed wait for him back at The Manifestation Tower, just what exactly he couldn't guess. \
Hero thanked him profusely and explained to Lewis Mckinley that it was her fault, NIKE Boy had only come to her aid.\
"That may be so lassie, but a rule is a rule". He lowered NIKE down and after quickly jumping into the machine, he was off. \
NIKE watched Hero until she was a speck on a chessboard. Hero watched NIKE until the Machine was like a dot in the sky and then she turned and made her way to the back to The Helm entry and moving down into a horizontal pose, she calmed her mind to take her back into the World of Time.\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
\
\
\
                                        \
                                                   \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f3\i \cf0 Chapter Seven 
\f0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\sl336\slmult1\pardirnatural
\cf0 \

\f1\i0 \
\
In the valley of the Thresholder \
\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\sl336\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f2 \cf0 A perfectly constructed camp fire lit up the surrounding dense scrubland in the deepest realm of Megalong Valley casting punctuated light across the face of a man who sat before it, as he hugged his knees against his chest and chewed on a stick absentmindedly. His own air of darkness made him almost invisible as he sat there wrapped up in a long coal-coloured duffle coat that covered black, mud-stained jeans and almost touched the top of heavy Blundstone boots. Longish dark, unkept hair fell around clearly defined features and a 10 day growth morphing into a full beard did it's best to conceal what was clearly a handsome face. His whole appearance showcased his stance as an outsider to the establishment's manifesto on grooming or indeed how a man of 33 should look.\
Were it not for his eyes, he would have been the very picture of a human black hole, sucking in all that was formless, but those eyes were blue like an Icelandic healing lagoon. Herein was the paradox of Raife Dylan, his eyes gave away what his appearance tried to hide; that this was a soul not only far from darkness, but one who felt too much about everything, like a signpost to compassion on overdrive. \
He sat there in silence, but deep in thought as his hands conducted a long stick to poke the fire to it's full potential. His hands were not the hands of someone so readily seen outdoors or indeed crafting a perfect camp fire. They were perhaps the kind you would have seen on a person fit for a career as a pianist or a jeweller, but his manual dexterity was evident should anything need to be created from thin air with limited resources. He had a particular ability to mould anything in his physical environment to his will and that evening he had managed to secure for himself an effective one man alcove constructed from pieces of cardboard, large strips of bark and chicken wire. \
\
Of course he could have been safely on his back looking at a ceiling fan in a one bedroom house in the nearby village, but the night sky had long been his canopy of choice, ever since he had been a small boy. He loved the expansiveness of the sky and the unbridled sense of freedom it instilled in him, a feeling that he believed was every human's birthright. The night sky was for him what all the channels on a T.V were for everyone else; seductive, addictive and entertaining. As a boy, he had always felt that everyone who had ever lived and had now passed away lived on as a star above the living, like some kind of guiding light force. At least that was what he had hoped ever since the early loss of one of the most respected Imaginers ever to live; his beloved mother, Alicia. \
\
As he lay there contemplating his troubled history, he heard the sound of feet crushing earth and flora nearby. He jumped to his feet suddenly, alert for a potential confrontation. He knew that Dreamshapers had been seen in the Valley during the last few days, which was why he had moved himself into the belly of the bush to protect the most powerful entry point to The Dreamhelm in the Valley. That was his job and the task of all Thresholders; to protect the portals from The Dreamshapers who used their dark intent to corrupt portal entry points and sabotage the purity of the experience for the next Imaginer. If the Imaginer was new, weaker in mind, or just too naive and unprotected, they could be at best, brainwashed by the Dreamshapers or worse, open to soul theft; a part of them taken by The Dreamshapers forever back to the The Shadowmaker himself.\
Raife had seen this many times over his life and in particular as a Thresholder, often taking it upon himself to rescue young Imaginers and make the dangerous attempt to retrieve their stolen souls. This was more often a completely unachievable task for any Thresholder, once a part of a soul was gone, it was gone; a Thresholder was there to make sure it just didn't happen at ALL. Raife however had somehow acquired a reputation beyond his peers through unprecedented courage to enter the Dark Marshlands himself and retrieve the missing piece of an Imaginer and then through some kind of access to arcane knowledge, work out how to make whole the broken soul. It was for this reason he was nicknamed 
\f3\i The Catcher
\f2\i0 , although some older Imaginers feared his almost supernatural abilities and thought that he must be slightly possessed by The Shadowmaker himself to have the ability to outsmart him and privately deemed him in their ancient tongue, 
\f3\i Asarla\'ed
\f2\i0  - The Sorcerer.\
\
Raife was now completely upstanding and ready to switch into fight mode once he identified the source of the disturbance. He carried no visible weapon as it would be of no use in this fight to have a sword, a baton or any of the other usual tools of self-defence. All Dreamshapers had gone beyond the need for weapons other than the dark use of their minds. To combat a Dreamshaper, one must possess optimum control over their own mind, body and the surrounding material world to have any chance against them. The Shapers also travelled in packs as most cowards do to feel a power they were unable to find within themselves. They were lethal nonetheless, as they usually preyed on those who were alone and they had mastered the art of a silent approach, taking their victims quickly before they could even prepare themselves for defence.\
\
As Raife readied himself he heard a voice say, "Relax brother, it's just me; 
\f3\i God
\f2\i0 ". Raife let his guard down when he saw Gordon making his way through the bush towards him holding a minuscule torch and promptly told him off for sneaking up like a Shaper on him.\
"Just keeping you on your toes brother", said Gordon mischievously. "So how about some of whatever that hot drink is that you've got going there?" asked Gordon as he pointed to the kettle on the fire and grabbed a cup from Raife's things before waiting for an answer. \
Raife was used to Gordon's irreverent manner and when combined with his profound sense of self-importance, it always had Raife incredulous and yet deeply amused as well, he had nicknamed him 
\f3\i God 
\f2\i0 as a consequence. Gordon held out his cup to Raife with a silent demand for a drink. He was always consuming something, food, drinks, information, other people's mannerisms. Gordon consumed life at a rate that was hard to keep up with and yet was the very thing that made his company so completely and utterly addictive and enjoyable. He was like a walking one-man band, able to make any sound from his mouth like a crazy Lyre bird and able to get a musical sound out of anything that was in his immediate environment. He was walking entertainment and was forgiven almost anything because of it, even his maddening habit of mentioning the elephant in the room when everyone just wanted to pretend something wasn't really happening.\
\
Gordon had "adopted" Raife when he was 10 years old after spying on Raife for several years prior and hunting him like some kind of wild life he had planned on killing, but had decided to keep as a pet. Raife had fascinated Gordon the moment he had seen him wandering the Mountain regions in ways that only his own people knew. How was it that this outsider could know the land the way his father's fathers had known? Had he been initiated in the ways of his ancestors? When Gordon discovered that he was also an Imaginer, he became obsessed with finding out everything about this lone wolf who lived in caves and under the night sky like his family had. The day he discovered that he was not only a Thresholder, but the most notorious and bravest ever known amongst the Imaginers, Raife became the world for Gordon and filled in the gaps for the fatherless and curious boy.\
Raife poured Gordon a billy tea and threw him a rug as they both settled back into a comfortable position next to the fire. \
"So what's happening God? You know it's not safe to be cruising through the bush at the moment with The Shapers about, especially at night." \
"Have you seen any tonight?" asked Gordon slightly fearful.\
"Not on the outside of The Helm, but I can feel them near. I just helped a new Imaginer, Greta was her name, escape out through this Doorway about a three hours ago, she was completely terrified and wasn't sure how she escaped from them to make it back. I had to drive her home, she was shaking uncontrollably, crying in fact". Raife's eyes glistened as he spoke, his greatest pain was seeing young Imaginers touched by The Dreamshapers in any way.\
Both Imaginers sat in silence and watched the fire until Gordon suddenly remembered why he was there. \
"I've got a message brother, from your lady", said Gordon trying to have a dig at Raife about his emotional ambivalence towards Dana.\
"And who is that?" asked Raife feigning ignorance.\
"Dana, brother, Dana, who else?" he said impatiently. "She wants me to give you this", he said as he handed Raife the note Dana had given him.\
Raife took the note, giving Gordon a seething stare for his last comment. After reading it, he quickly jumped to his feet and stamped on the fire, putting it out in half a minute and grabbing Gordon as he pulled him in amongst some bushes. \
"What's going on? What's happening?" asked Gordon with an out-of-character anxiety in his voice.\
After a considerable pause, Raife whispered an almost inaudible response,"In a nutshell God, it appears that 
\f3\i The Lightbearer 
\f2\i0 has finally been found and\'85" he said half talking, half listening for foreign sounds, "\'85I'm guessing that the Shapers are onto it too and are closing in to try and locate her".\
"
\f3\i The Lightbearer
\f2\i0 ?" asked Gordon\
"I can't say too much here God, the trees have ears so to speak, all I can say is that 
\f3\i The Lightbearer 
\f2\i0 is the one that surely you must have been told of, who can put an end to The Shadowmaker himself. Seems like she has been sourced and I now must do everything I can to protect her, 
\f3\i everything. 
\f2\i0 It is what was put here to do.
\f3\i "\

\f2\i0 "Who is it though?" asked Gordon\
"I don't know yet, Dana will know, but we must 
\f3\i never
\f2\i0  speak her full name unless we want to just hand her right over to the Shadowmaker right now." \
Raife paused as he huddled underneath the branches of tree. He pulled a long key chain from his pocket that had every kind of device attached to it and turned on a small torch for a bit of light. He pulled a pencil from his top pocket and a note pad and wrote a message to Dana that said:\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\sl336\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f3\i \cf0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\sl336\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f5\i0 \cf0 The Paragon Cafe tomorrow \
11am \
x\
r\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\sl336\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f2 \cf0 \
\
"Where is she now God?" \
"Who? Dana?"\
Raife nodded. \
"She's in the car with Hero up the top waiting for me".\
"Ok, take this to her and watch your back. Send me a 
\f3\i Coo-\'e8\'e8
\f2\i0  when you've made it to the top. If I don't hear you in 30 minutes, I'm coming up to find you, but I really don't want to leave the entry point here if I can help it, it's not safe enough".\
"Ok brother, i'll be safe so don't sweat it" said Gordon with his usual nonchalance and self-belief. \
The two Imaginers smacked their hands together and held them palm to palm for a moment, "Keep safe God", said Raife, like a concerned father watching his son take his first trip abroad.\
"I'm invisible brother" said Gordon with a cheeky grin and he made his way into the darkness, leaving Raife to huddle under the blanket, alone in the dark valley.\
\
When Gordon made it out of the Valley, he turned around and cupped his mouth into a loud 
\f3\i Coo-\'e8\'e8,
\f2\i0  that echoed across the Valley and no doubt down to Raife as a sign of reassurance that Gordon was safely back up the top. Dana saw him walking towards her and she tried to compose herself and the disappointment that she felt when she saw that he was alone. He opened the door of the car and jumped in, handing Dana the note from Raife in one uninterrupted gesture. He noticed that her eyes were glistening and knew that she was holding back tears. Gordon made a mental note for the 400th time in his lifetime, that he would never understand adults and why they couldn't just get out of their own way when it came to happiness.\
Dana read the note and her entire being shifted gears to ecstatic when she realised that the next day, at 11am, she would be seeing Raife at The Paragon in Katoomba. She put on her favourite playlist of songs for the drive back, a soundtrack she had created for the movie she had in her head of a potential future for her and Raife.\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\sl336\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f4 \cf0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\sl336\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f1 \cf0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\sl336\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0 \cf0                                                      \
\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\sl336\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f3\i \cf0 Chapter Eight \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\sl336\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0 \cf0 \
\

\f1\i0 the magic bone \
\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\sl336\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f2 \cf0 Lucy had been so consumed with excitement the whole week following her meeting with Hero Livingston that she had thought of very little else. As a consequence, she had been pulled up several times at school for not paying attention and had also received her first detention for sneaking into the library after 4pm, a golden Roselake transgression that she had clearly failed to concern herself with. Bea had warned her not to go to the library, but Hero was desperate to find books on Aboriginal Mythology and The Blue Mountains region, so she decided it was worth risking punishment. Bea waited outside for her, so they could walk home afterwards and no sooner had Hero made it out the door, was she swooped upon by the Maths teacher Mrs Carter who whisked her off to Principal Jessop's office immediately.\
\
The office of Principal Jessop had all the foreboding signposts of any leader's den, the standard overly large desk with a Federation green lamp shining light onto official documents and folders of importance, a kind of grandiose Louis the XVIth style chair minus the plush tapestry cushion tucked underneath. Dark wooden walls encasing the room with rows of books that looked like a series of volumes on how to bore yourself to death, an obligatory image of The Queen high above the desk and a fine bone china cup of tea sitting next to the papers, all but finished. Lucy made her way into the room and waited for The Principal to notice her. After a few moments, Lucy cleared her voice and Principal Jessop turned around with an expressionless face, that for a moment had Lucy wondering if she was indeed human. \
"It appears Miss Barker, that you feel that you are above the school rules, that your family name will be enough to ward off any threat of punishment, am I not correct?"\
Lucy paused, a little shocked by the suggestion, "No, Mrs Jessop".\
"Really?" said the Principal in a condescending tone. "It must be that or just sheer arrogance on your behalf, or even much worse; stupidity", she said almost wickedly.\
"If you don't mind me saying so Mrs Jessop, shouldn't the school be encouraging students to be in the library whenever possible rather than making it forbidden?" asked Lucy bravely.\
Mrs Angela Jessop's blood-pressure soared, as did her voice as she shouted, "SILENCE!" \
She circled Lucy, who stood in the middle of the room with her arms behind her back and her eyes fixed on the window ahead.\
"You had best watch your back Miss Barker. I have seen you assuming an air of importance, thinking that the other girls here are beneath you to consort with. Obviously you think that if you spend enough time with Beatrice Chapel that some of her popularity will rub off on you. If your parents were not such a highly respected and well-paying couple, I would not have considered your presence to be of any use here. As it stands, you 
\f3\i are
\f2\i0  here and I can assure you Miss Barker, another toe out of line and yes, I know that you caused your teachers much stress with your sudden disappearance on the Katoomba outing, then I will be forced to reassess your situation here. Is that clear?"\
"Yes Mrs Jessop" said Lucy through gritted teeth.\
"You will spend your lunch time for the next week in my office writing out the school rules, now be gone please", finished Mrs Jessop.\
\
Lucy left with frustration pulsating through her body and a new feeling of animosity for The Principal of Roselake. Bea was waiting as loyal as ever for her and apparently much to Bea's surprise, so was Jess, Lucy's Imaginal dog. Together they all walked back to Lucy's house as Lucy imparted to Bea what her fate was to be. Inside they made their way up to Lucy's bedroom with the homemade lemonade and apple cinnamon cake made especially by Emily. Lucy took several pieces of cake for Jess who was particularly hungry now that the weather was just starting to get a little colder.\
"So have you heard from Hero again?" asked Bea, trying to get Lucy off her rant about how crazy Mrs Jessop was.\
"I told you, she doesn't have a phone, she only gave me an address". said Lucy frustrated by Bea always asking what she had already told her.\
"Do you think you'll see her again?" asked Bea, oblivious to Lucy's impatience.\
"I sure hope so, it would be nice to be around someone who gets me", said Lucy without thinking what she was saying. \
She saw Bea's face and looked down.\
"Sorry Bea, you know what I mean, I'm just talking about the whole Roselake thing and my 
\f3\i ever-present
\f2\i0  Mum and Dad", she said sarcastically. "If I didn't have you or Emily, or even Jess, I don't know what I would have done by now", finished Lucy with a heavy sigh.\
"Do you think Hero would mind if I came with you to visit her?" asked Bea meekly.\
Lucy looked at Bea's anxious face and realised that she was visibly a little threatened by Hero's arrival into her world, so Lucy decided to reassure her.\
"Bea, we do 
\f3\i everything 
\f2\i0 together,
\f3\i  
\f2\i0 she'll just have to deal with it".\
Bea looked content again, with the knowledge that she was still number one in Lucy's life. 
\f3\i  
\f2\i0 \
\
Lucy on the other-hand was feeling hemmed in for the remainder of the week by her environment and the people in it. Her parent's pre-occupation with their bits of junk for their weekend show was driving Lucy to madness and Bea's lack of understanding of an Imaginer's world had Lucy losing patience with her more frequently. Now that she knew that there were other people out there just like her, experiencing the world in ways that she thought only she knew of; she felt less alone and wanted to be with her kin, so to speak. \
But there she was, standing in a freezing old church, waiting for the next instruction from her mother regarding where to place the box of artefacts she was holding for the exhibition. \
"Over there Lucy, for heaven's sake child, put it down before you drop it", said Gloria Barker to her daughter in a brisk voice. \
Lucy put the box down under an old religious image of Jesus carrying a crucifix and feeling crushed by the weight of it, she kind of knew how he felt. She then helped arrange all the objects on the various platforms and display tables, under the strict and at times angry instructions of her mother. Ranulph Barker had not lifted a finger, but was apparently quite busy on his mobile as he dashed here and there and spoke in tones that Lucy always referred to as his Wall Street voice.\
After the pieces had been placed in their 
\f3\i sacred
\f2\i0  positions, Lucy wandered around and looked at the artefacts trying to comprehend what was so important about them that would have the queues of people outside already at the door, in the cold. Her parents usually specialised in antiques and artefacts from the Middle East, but had recently expanded their collection into Indigenous Australian artefacts and artwork. \
Her eyes perused the display and saw totems, spotted paintings, masks, spears and rocks that bore ochre painted images of animals. There were emu-feathered neck-pieces and woven baskets and an ornate glass case that contained a curious bone. Lucy looked at it all and tried to make sense of why anyone would want to buy pieces of bark and rocks if they didn't know what they were for.\
Lucy slumped in a chair at the back of the church and beckoned Jess, who had been waiting outside patiently, to come to her side. He ran in, thrilled at last to be included and she discreetly rubbed his fur, the sat back, breathing an enormous sigh of frustration. She could easily be on a train on her way to Blackheath to meet Hero at this very moment, but instead here she was watching a herd of crazies getting fascinated by her parent's obsession. She watched a man with his jumper laced over his shoulders stroke his chin and look fascinated by whatever her father was saying about the piece of bark he was holding, she saw a woman holding up a hand-woven ochre basket and say to her husband,\
'This would be sensational on the kitchen table for the eggs Robert?" in an exaggerated drawl.\
Lucy was reaching her cut off point for pretence. She could no longer convince herself that she cared about any of this, even for her parent's sake. She was about to beg her mother to let her go, when she saw a very strange man enter the room. He was positively ancient and yet moved so swiftly and discreetly, that Lucy was quite sure that she was the only one who had seen him. He made his way to the collection on the display table near where Lucy was seated and she watched his fingers trace the artefacts with a sense of focus, it was clear that he was looking for something specific.\
He skimmed over the painted bark, the clay pots and exquisite paintings until his eyes fell upon the aged bone in the glass box. He stopped abruptly and Lucy watched his rather expressionless face morph into one that had stumbled upon the Holy Grail.\
He picked it up with a reverence that one would reserve for a new born child and held it, the most gleeful smile suddenly emerging on his lips. Gloria Barker pounced on him when she noticed his devotion to the object and informed him that it was an Auction item and suggested that he stay and make a bid on it once the Auction commenced. The man looked anxious about letting the bone in the box go, but agreed and took a seat right up the front and waited. \
Lucy watched him with a peculiar fascination. There was something unusual about him, not of this world in a way and yet also, deeply agitated by something and almost covetous of the artefact, as if his life depended upon him acquiring it. Lucy's moved closer to him and waited until the Auction began, just studying his every gesture. His longish grey hair was stringy and fell about his desert-like, sun damaged face in an unkempt way. He wore an out-of-date suit and dress shoes with un-matching socks, as if he had tried to make an effort, but had limited time to pull his look together. He impatiently flicked the catalogue between his first finger and thumb and his ankle rested across his knee, jiggling continuously like a nervous adolescent school boy.\
\
Ranulph Barker ascended the stairs and stood behind the Auction table, holding the hammer in one hand, edging the microphone closer to his face with the other. Gloria stood a little to his left and was in charge of bringing the Auction items out to be displayed. The audience gathered and the more serious buyers readied themselves for big purchases with an air of apprehension. \
Once the voices lowered and whispering had ceased, Ranulph introduced the first item which was a genuine crocodile totem from an Initiation Ceremony of the Mirrah people of Kakadu. The hands went up in the air, one after the other until a man in a pinstriped suit gave the final signal that he wanted the totem, outlasting all the other buyers.\
Several more items came up and Lucy observed that her mystery man was now sweating profusely. He had noticed that there were buyers there determined to buy several items and appeared to have the means to do so, he knew that competition for the bone would be high. Lucy watched him making his way over to the man in the pinstripe suite who had acquired the majority of the more important items and took a seat next to him. Lucy watched him lean over and whisper something in his ear and Mr Pinstripe looked a little shocked and then confused. He rubbed his chin and said something back and the two spoke and gesticulated until Ranulph Barker cleared his voice for silence in the room. Lucy's father announced that the next item was deeply embedded in Aboriginal mythology and is believed to be THE Bone that was used on The Three Sisters by Tyawan the Witch Doctor. \
"Although just a myth and not based on any real fact," he said with a pronounced Kings English inflection, "This bone is revered by the Wiradjuri Tribe of The Blue Mountains as a symbolic bone of the greatest myth of their region, The Bone that was used to transform three daughters into a famous rock formation - The Three Sisters". Lucy sat there listening and felt pretty sure that what her father had just said was untrue, but his voice of authority was enough to convince everyone in the room, that something extraordinary was about to appear on stage.\
There was a collective sound of awe from the audience when Gloria brought the bone in the box to the stage and what ensued was a crazy bidding war between the mystery man and the main buyers at the exhibition. All but Mr Pinstripe rallied back and forth with her Mystery man for the bone. Lucy was wondering why on earth Mr Pinstripe was not partaking in the auction over this item, which was perhaps the centre piece of the whole collection. What was it that this curious stranger had said to him to make him recoil from bidding? As Lucy pondered what it could possibly have been, she heard her father say in his most polished voice, "Sold to the man in blue suit". Lucy watched her mystery man stand up triumphantly and organise himself swiftly to collect his prize. His energy was like that of a young adult, but physically, he had to be at least over 75 years old. Lucy wondered how such an incongruous combination could be, how this man could come and go as he did and yet look such a way. \
He claimed his purchase and as he made his way to the door, Lucy followed him a little to see him run quickly to a waiting silver van. Jesse ran after him and barked at him, making him turn around. Lucy saw the recognition of Jess in his eyes and realised that he too was an Imaginer. Shocked by this discovery, Lucy moved towards him to ask him if he was indeed a fellow Imaginer, but before she could ask him, he disappeared inside the van behind a sliding door. The car sped off and Lucy stood on the steps of the church feeling completely and absolutely certain that something terrible had just happened.\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f0 \cf0 \
\
                                               
\f2                                          \
\
                                                      \
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f3\i \cf0 Chapter Nine \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\sl336\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0 \cf0 \

\f1\i0 \
The meeting with catcher
\f6\b  
\f0\b0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\sl336\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f2 \cf0 Dana Livingstone awoke and headed straight into the shower to help gain some kind of consciousness after deep sleep and wash her hair. The long drive the night before meant that she had overslept and was now running late for her meeting with Raife Dylan, but not late enough for her to anxiously change from jeans into a flowing skirt and then back into jeans again. She came downstairs to fix Hero some breakfast before she headed out, only to find Hero serving up scrambled eggs on toast for Dana, herself and Gordon, who had slept over on the couch.\
Dana kissed the top of Hero's head and thanked her for being so thoughtful while Gordon rubbed his eyes to help him wake up. Hero had kicked him three times in the leg that dangled over the couch to get up and have breakfast, the final kick being enough to have him grumbling, but upright.\
"Are you off to see Catcher today Dana?" asked Gordon, stifling a yawn as he stretched his arms to the ceiling.\
"Yeah, I'm meant to be there in ten minutes and I'm still 15 minutes away", she said anxiously. \
"Gordon and I are heading into the city together for the day, if that's ok?" shouted Hero over the whistle of the kettle.\
"Of course Hero" said Dana half attentively, "Just call me if there are any problems, OK!"\
\
Dana raced to the door, checking her hair in the mirror at the entrance before shutting the door behind her. Inside the car, she turned the radio on and she knew that one of three songs would play before she alighted, as they did whenever she was about to see Raife. Most people would say that such a thing was just a strange synchronicity, but Dana had imagined three songs that reminded her of him when she was in The Dreamhelm and had carefully written them down on parchment. She had then placed them in a special box and deposited them in the Room of Signposts in a special compartment with her name on it. All she had to do was turn on the radio and if any of the three songs came on, she knew with a sense of ecstatic anticipation that they would soon meet. \
By the time she had pulled her car into the main street of Katoomba, one of her selected songs came on, causing a smile as usual to form on her lips. She parked the car and headed to The Paragon, the town's most famous and much loved cafe, if not for it's historical value, then it's authentic Art Nuevo decor. She walked in and was hit in the face as usual with a sweet smell as she walked past trays and bowls of chocolate delicacies on display at the entrance. She headed to the back into her favourite seat, mainly for it's privacy and for the view of a painting that had been on the wall since she had been a teenager. The painting was of a young girl who frolicked in a pretty sundress with bare feet beside a waterfall near Echo Point, but she looked ahead at something in the bushes that seemed to take her by surprise, something good. Either way, Dana had never worked out what she had seen or why she was so surprised, but she had always loved that painting. She saw a part of herself in the girl, who in a strange way, did resemble Dana slightly when she was around that age. \
\
Dana was still thinking of the painting when she heard the bell over the door sound to indicate that someone was entering the cafe. She looked up and for a moment thought it was Raife, her heart jolted until she realised that although he had dark hair like Raife, he was too heavy set and when he turned her way, saw a very ordinary face and not the face of Catcher at all. She had not seen him for 6 months, maybe more, so she was not even sure exactly what he looked like at the moment. Dana looked down at her watch, noticing that Raife was now 15 minutes late and she felt her anxiety increase that he may have forgotten, but then she remembered the song on the radio and relaxed a little. \
\
Interestingly, Dana was one of the few Imaginers who wore a watch when outside the Dreamhelm. Most Imaginers had accepted that linear time was an illusion created by Dreamshapers to control the reality of all unconscious dreamers. Dana however, was quite a pragmatic person at the end of the day, having raised a child single-handedly, she knew that she had to 
\f3\i function
\f2\i0  in Time and that Time was a place that was structured by linear time sequences, events, deadlines and appointments. Raife on the other hand was so far up the other end of the scale from Dana when it came to even belonging to anything in Time, that he made trailblazers, pioneers and rebels look perfectly ordinary. It should only be expected that his awareness of punctuality was somewhat challenged.\
Her thoughts were interrupted by the bell above the door again and this time a tall and commanding, dark figure strode in with a kind of larger than life force field and a bundle of invisible chaos trailing behind him. Such was his presence, that customers looked up and stared at him like some kind of catalyst for the unexpected. His black longish hair hid his face momentarily, until he looked up and scanned the room with his intensely blue, but gentle eyes, reassuring the occupants of the Paragon with one look that his business that day was completely harmless.\
\
Raife headed for the back of the room past a group of employees at the cafe, who knew of him only too well and the mythology that surrounded him. Any local of The Blue Mountains Region had grown up hearing stories of Raife, or Catcher as he was known by some, who slept in the wild in caves and was known to have performed miraculous healing on people who had been branded "Untreatable" by The Medical Establishment. A local high school student called Emily Deakin, worked at the cafe and whispered to a staff member who was a newcomer to the community,\
"They say that he completely healed this boy, Billy Sherman, who was suddenly struck down with a really rare and strange illness that Doctor's said could never be cured. His mother was so distraught that she went to him for help and within a week, the boy was back at school and has been fine ever since". \
The newcomer looked after him with fascination as the rest of the staff watched him in silence take a seat at the back of the cafe with Dana, the Art Teacher from Blackheath High School.\
\
Raife sat down and looked at Dana with a penetrating stare and in a deep and measured voice asked,\
"How are you doing Dana?"\
"I'm doing alright Raife", replied Dana, not able to truly hide her nerves upon finally seeing him. Every time they crossed paths after a period apart, she was amazed that she had somehow forgotten how blue, how otherworldly his eyes were and no matter how much he tried to conceal it with a rough beard and unkept hair, how beautiful his face was.\
"Hero, how is she?" asked Raife\
"She's great, you know her, trailblazing her way though the world with a metaphorical sword in one hand and a bundle of hope in the other", she said with a smile just thinking about her.\
"What a great kid she is" said Raife, "You should be proud of her Dana, she's so smart and for someone her age 
\f3\i and 
\f2\i0 you; you should be proud of yourself too Dana, I know it's been hard on your own", he continued with a tone of deep concern, or was it remorse?\
Dana looked into his eyes and it was like returning home and for a moment he looked back at her with a tenderness that made her feel a slither of hope for the two of them.\
"So\'85" said Raife lowering his voice to a whisper, "It's true then?"\
Dana refocused on her very reason for being there with him. \
"I can't be sure" said Dana, also in a whisper, "Hero said she had met the girl while she was with her school group on a trip from the city up to Katoomba and that she walked with her Imaginal dog".\
"Really?" asked Raife more rhetorically. \
A rumour had been circulating around The Manifestation Tower of late, that a young girl had asked for a dog that could not be seen by Sleepers and had all the signposts of the one who had been foretold. Raife paused momentarily and then asked Dana,\
"Her name?"\
Dana took out a pen and small note book and wrote in small print the name,
\f0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f5 \cf0 lucy Barker
\f0 \
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\sl336\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f2 \cf0 Raife read the name, "The daughter of Lucia, yes?" asking Dana with a heartfelt whisper. \
"Yes, I believe her to be, or so all the signs are there that were foretold by 
\f3\i The Revealer
\f2\i0 ", said Dana as she thought back to the day when she had opened the door to The Room of Oracles in The Manifestation Tower. 
\f3\i The Revealer 
\f2\i0 always sat at the end of a long hall between two pillars, one white, the other black, her identity concealed at first behind a veil. Once she had formed in her mind the prophecy for you, she would pull back her veil and reveal her face, one half was that of a young girl of 15, the other half was that of an old crone. Dana remembered shivering that first time she saw her and feeling her enormous power and knowledge shoot through her like a truth serum. 
\f3\i The Revealer
\f2\i0  watched Dana try to hide herself while she just sat there eating pomegranates and staring at Dana until she saw what Dana needed to know. Dana had listened intently to what 
\f3\i The Revealer
\f2\i0  had told her and etched the words in her memory.\
"She said to me that when I learnt of a girl who goes by such a name as the one I wrote, she will be the daughter of Lucia Noble, I will know then that the time has begun for all in the Dreamhelm to face Faileas, The Shadowmaker. She also told me that for us to protect this girl, we must 
\f3\i never
\f2\i0  speak her name aloud in reference to her being 
\f3\i The Lightbearer
\f2\i0 , lest she be found by The Dreamshapers".\
\
"I wonder how much she knows of her own destiny?" pondered Raife \
"Hero is convinced she knows very little about how The Dreamhelm works, but she has obviously worked out enough on her own to find herself an Imaginal dog" Dana responded.\
Raife nodded, "Well the very first thing I have to do is set up her protection, once Hero of course can tell me where she lives. I was hoping she'd be with you today".\
'She's gone to the city with Gordon and maybe to see 
\f3\i her
\f2\i0 , I don't know?" said Dana.\
"How much do you think we should reveal to her once we find her?" asked Dana\
"We should say very little and only help to skill her up in the ways necessary to aid her path as The Lightbearer, presuming she already has the ultimate weapon", said Raife with a slight air of skepticism.\
He was referring to the rare gift bestowed upon the true 
\f3\i Lightbearer
\f2\i0  that would destroy the darkness of The Shadowmaker".\
"
\f3\i Unparalleled Compassion
\f2\i0 ", whispered Dana.\
"Yes, a gift that we all believed was Lucia's and Lucia's alone. It turns out that even the most compassionate are not without weakness", said Raife with unhidden sadness.\
Dana put her head down after seeing the usual pain in Raife's eyes whenever he spoke of Lucia Noble.\
"I should head off", announced Raife standing up suddenly before any look from Dana could change his mind.\
"But you only just arrived Raife and it has been so long since we have seen each other at all", said Dana grabbing his hand desperately and then checking herself for such behaviour.\
He turned to look at her and could not help but notice how beautiful she could be at times, especially that morning. He touched her cheek and said, \
"I will head into the city today and make contact with Hero and Gordon, I had plans to meet Gordon in Centennial Park around 2pm, so hopefully he'll lead me to the one of whom we speak, so I must leave now, I'm sorry Dana, I truly am".\
He turned and headed through the cafe and out the door with the same electrical energy with which he had entered, only this time leaving behind a woman whose heart he had pierced once more.\
\
\
\
\
                                                          \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\sl336\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f3\i \cf0 Chapter Ten \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\sl336\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0 \cf0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\i0 \cf0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f1 \cf0 THE Noble IMAGINERS\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f0 \cf0 \
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\sl336\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f2 \cf0 The Nobles were the most respected family amongst the secret community of Imaginers. Their reverence for the traditions intrinsic to the way of an Imaginer and their devotion to the philosophy of universal freedom amongst Imaginers and Sleepers alike was unparalleled. Estel and Julius Noble were on the path that all Imaginers ultimately were looking for and aspiring to; the path where one no longer Imagined for themselves, but for the benefit of all. Their selflessness and love for others was what ultimately made them like Royalty in the Dreamhelm. Their entire focus as a family was centred on the commitment to assist 
\f3\i The Sleepers, 
\f2\i0 to ensure their protection from The Shadowmaker and his band of Dreamshapers. \
Such devotion to the welfare of others had it's price however, as they were forever hunted by The Shapers both in and out of The Dreamhelm. In the end, they reached the conclusion that they had to leave their beloved home in the English town of Salisbury, Witshire and find somewhere that was less obvious for The Shapers to find them. \
\
They needed to access fresh Doorways and after learning that Australia still possessed the purest Doorways in the world, thanks to the incredible devotion to the land by The Indigenous People, Estel and Julius had moved their family from the United Kingdom to Sydney into a large terrace house that looked over Dawes Point at The Rocks. Suddenly, finding themselves up against a wall in the U.K had the family escaping through a secret back door into an unexpectedly perfect, but very real world, the move turned out to be a blessing. They immediately fell in love with the place and the water-touched air, the nighttime view of The Harbour Bridge and taking long walks all around the harbour to the famous Opera House. \
"I feel like we were always meant to live here" said Estel to Julis, "As if everything has been leading to this".\
Julius smiled and nodded in agreement, as he held his wife's hand.\
"Yes, there is a definite feeling that this place has a special destiny for our family" he said as he watched his daughters laughing and skipping together near the water's edge.\
"Time will tell" he continued, "but clearly the girls are happier than ever and that can only be a great sign". \
\
The place was indeed perfect for their three daughters,16 year old Eleanor, 14 year old Sophia and 12 year old Lucia, who were inseparable and discovered many great places to play and Imagine together in their new hometown. The sisters were always looking for Doorways around The Rocks area and came upon the most unusual Doorway they had ever seen on Observatory Hill. Nestled near an old Morten Bay Fig Tree was a majestic stone staircase that led up to the exquisite dome structure of The Observatory, an entry point to The Dreamhelm that only those who knew how would be able to access. Each step was a gradual ascent into the space that holds no time, the feet becoming heavier and heavier with each movement up, until by the 5th step from the top, the Imaginer just left their body entirely and found themselves no longer on the step of a staircase in Sydney, but surrounded by the watery and mountainous landscape of The Dreamhelm. The sisters all agreed that it was the easiest and most beautiful transition from one place to the next that they had ever discovered and immediately shared it with their parents. The Noble family spent many an evening exploring this new Doorway, while other families in the neighbourhood sat down to T.V dinners and video games, always returning with new awareness, information on different rooms in The Tower and above all news of awakened Sleepers.\
\
Those initial dreamy days of their first Australian Summer gave way to settling into the structures of Time in their new environment, when jobs were found and the girls had to be enrolled at The Rocks Grammar for Girls. They were instantly integrated into the school community for their likeable, affectionate natures and for their otherworldly qualities. Rumours had spread quickly that the girls had been known to disappear completely and reappear hours later without a trace in between. Whether their peers believed it to be true or not, they all agreed that there was something special about The Noble Sisters. \
No sooner had school finished would the three sisters run to Observatory Hill and enter The Dreamhelm, meeting up on the inside and immediately heading off together to have High Tea at The Manifestation Tower's Hall of Happiness. In that hall the girls would meet and immerse themselves in all the rules and structures of Time. Together they would unwind over endless cups of French Earl Grey Tea and lemon cheesecake, chatting about what they wanted or envisaged for the next day or week ahead and how they might manifest it. \
They would often use this time to plan which rooms they needed to visit in the Manifestation Tower to access their desired dream, but as there was no known map for The Manifestation Tower's many compartments, it was a matter of accumulating knowledge, sharing it and fixing it to memory once it was discovered. Often if one person didn't know how to manifest something out there in Time and had no idea what room they needed to go to in the Dreamhelm to ask for it, there would always be someone who would know and would share their knowledge. Sharing was an essential quality of a noble Imaginer, if you hoarded knowledge and kept others from accessing what would help them achieve their dreams, you were taking your first step on the road to becoming one of 
\f3\i them
\f2\i0 , a Dreamshaper, a disciple of Faileas - The Shadowmaker. \
\
The only thing scarier than The Dreamshapers was The Shadowmaker and although the girls were experienced Imaginers, they were no different than anyone else in this way. Every Imaginer feared him, even The Sleepers-the unawakened Imaginers who had no idea who he was, just that universal feeling of fear he instilled in them. He had become the collective Shadow, both in and out of the Dreamhelm, the part in all who had ever been born that one is unable to see, does not want to admit to and yet is one's greatest weakness. Even when those who thought they knew themselves well and had nothing left that could undo them, Faileas would always find a way to outsmart them. He particularly liked to lead people into a false sense of security about themselves, pulling the rug from under them when they least expected it and watching them crumble, weaken, lose hope and stop Imagining altogether. It was then that he would take over them, subtly at first until after many years they had walked so far into the shadow that was his darkness, that he truly owned them and they would need a miracle to be free of him.\
\
The girls travelled the path from The Launch Pad in The Helm to The Manifestation Tower with the same anxiety which would only abait once they had crossed the threshold of the Tower. Faileas resided in The Black Marshlands, a place so dismal and lifeless in The Helm that all her traversed the Dreamhelm feared the desolate realm and it's cold, alienating presence. The only truly safe place for an Imaginer was The Manifestation Tower, as place that had been protected for centuries by brilliant Imaginers who had worked tirelessly to build a core of hope for all to reach for and yes, even when all that could be held out for was a miracle. The light from the building overpowered Faileas and kept him at bay. That didn't mean that Faileas made it easy for Imaginers to reach it though. He and his followers hunted Imaginers like wolves as they made their way there on their Dreamwalks through The Helm. Faileas would never rest until he had each an every last soul in his clutches, for then he would be sure to have 
\f3\i The One
\f2\i0  who had been predicted, the one who would destroy him, although he knew not how. All he knew was that a girl would come and end his reign of terror in The Dreamhelm and liberate the minds of all humans in Time. The Manifestation Tower would then no longer be just a place hidden in darkness for only a minority to locate, but a place for all to access for eternity.\
The sisters however had learned many tricks to entering and leaving the Dreamhelm undetected. The girls always tried to travel together to protect each other and be eyes in the round once they arrived. Their goodness made their Imaginal bodies so light, that they were almost invisible to others, so they were able to move without drawing too much attention to themselves more than most. Overtime, their selfless deeds both in and out of The Helm had earned them enough grace to access one of the special rooms at the top of The Tower, The Room of Special Protection. In that room, they had learned how to transform themselves at will into whatever animal was required to hide from The Shapers. This special knowledge was what had helped them on many an occasion to dodge the inevitable attack on any Imaginer once inside The Helm. Every afternoon they joined hands on that 5th step from the top and felt themselves move into the realm of no Time and together they would arrive on the black and white launch pad, making their way through the watery terrain to The Tower, more often than not disguised as three exquisite swans. All this aside though, they were not immune entirely to states of fear about crossing The Helm to the Tower.\
\
It was on one of these afternoons with her sisters that Lucia, the youngest of the three, first noticed an unusually handsome boy, another Imaginer and perhaps a few years older than her. He entered the Hall of Happiness where the girls sat drinking their tea and headed for the back corner of the hall, carrying a weatherbeaten leather notebook and pencil, which he immediately started to write in the very moment he sat down. He looked over at the three sisters, for as a collective they were quite incredible to behold with their dark long hair and individual beauty. When his glance fell on Lucia, she saw that he had the most astonishing blue eyes, unlike any blue she had ever seen, in fact so much so, that she had to look away for fear of being rude for staring. She noticed however that Eleanor was still staring and had over-poured her tea.\
"Look out El, you're spilling tea 
\f3\i everywhere
\f2\i0 !' shouted Sophia, who had noticed both the boy and Eleanor's tea crisis as well.
\f3\i \

\f2\i0 "Oh gosh, yeah I am", she said suddenly standing up and then looking after the boy to see if he had noticed.\
'El, it's dripping all over the floor", trying to bring her sister's attention back to fixing the tea crisis at the table.\
"Who is 
\f3\i that
\f2\i0 ?" asked El, still staring after the boy.\
"I think his name is Raife someone, Raife Dylan or something like that", said Sophia, "His father was once a Thresholder, but then he was taken over completely by Faileas and is now one of 
\f3\i them
\f2\i0 ."\
"How do you know all that?" asked El\
"Dana Livingston told me, she's a a new friend I've made at school, anyway she knows him outside of The Helm, he lives next door to her."\
"He looks so familiar\'85" said Lucia out loud, her voice trailing off suddenly.\
 Do you know him Lucia?" asked El\
"For a minute, yes\'85I thought I did", she said quietly, but from that moment on, she never forgot him. \
\
\
\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\sl336\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f3\i \cf0 Chapter Eleven 
\f2\i0 \
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f1 \cf0                           \
\
Raife & Lucia\
\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\sl336\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f2 \cf0 Lucia spent many years exploring The Rocks and the Stone Steps Doorway into The Helm, discovering new rooms in The Manifestation Tower and learning quickly the ways of a True Imaginer. Because of this, her imagination, creativity and perception grew to levels well beyond her age and her abilities made her stand out as a gifted Imaginer, as well as an artist. Now that she was 18, she found herself, with the help of a Scholarship, at her first day at a prestigious Art School and although she had often crossed paths with Raife Dylan, she had no idea that he too would also be attending. By the time she arrived at her first day of Art School and saw Raife Dylan walk through the door, she realised that he had always been the eternal
\f3\i  
\f2\i0 "One". Lucia felt her heart in her throat, as she always did whenever he was near. They had probably said as much as 20 words to each other over the years, but their paths always crossed without arrangement either in the realm of Time or in the Dreamhelm and were always filled with incredible electrical energy, but very few words. \
Lucia would have been over the moon to finally have this uninterrupted time with him now at Art School had she not seen Dana Livingstone walk through the door 10 minutes later and take up an easel next to him. She immediately took ownership as usual of at least a 45km circle around him, creating an invisible barbed wire fence between him and any other girl who may wish to speak with him. However, Raife 
\f3\i did
\f2\i0  see Lucia and he acknowledged her from the other side of the room with a nod and a beguiling smile. Lucia smiled back, going deeply red at the exchange, putting her head down once she saw Dana lean over and whisper something in Raife's ear, once more establishing her position of supremacy in his emotional kingdom. So Lucia just disappeared back inside herself and kept the unstoppable fascination with Raife Dylan as closely hidden from view as possible, while in truth she felt like screaming. Although there was no real evidence that Dana was his girlfriend, the two had been inseparable since Lucia had first set eyes on Raife, it was only safe to assume that he had little room in his heart for both. That would be something Lucia could accept if it didn't equate to her feeling like she was dying.\
So Lucia took that heartache and poured all of her sorrow into developing her talent as a painter and rose to the top of her Art School as a prodigious artist. She won not only many awards at her school, but some prestigious National Awards and although she still continued with her studies, she was picked up by a gallery after her first year of school. Her path as an Imaginer also evolved rapidly in the Dreamhelm, assisting her parent's tireless efforts to wake up The Sleepers, help them to become conscious before The Shapers claimed them. Her reputation grew both in and out of The Dreamhelm as someone in possession of the most unusual compassion, not just for others less accomplished or unable to Imagine, but for those deeply rejected by all in the realm of Time, those who had been cast to the fringes of society. Lucia would go out of her way to meet those people and help them, talk to them, assisting them to overcome their suffering though learning to paint, in short; just recognising their existence as no less important than her own.\
\
This focus of Lucia's unconditional love for others did not slip under the radar of Raife Dylan's awareness. He had always noticed Lucia and found her not only beautiful, but her unusual compassion compelling. Although her beauty made Lucia stand out the moment she walked into any room, it was her nature that shone through in the end. Soft hair  gathering around her flawless face, falling down her back like black ribbons of coal, set off by piercing exotic green eyes, gave way to a kindness and humility that seemed incongruous for such a beauty. She was the very kind of person whom he could easily fall for and it was that very reason she was the person who would ultimately distract him from his path, something he feared. \
He knew he had to be what his father, Arias Dylan had not been and that was to be an impenetrable force of human courage, to stand alone and on guard against the usual failings of men. Raife had distilled these failings into two distinct categories. First, was the lust for power that ultimately consumed all hope in men for defence against the darkness and the second, a far more subtle undoing, was the weakness in men in the realm of the heart when in love. Both short-comings had taken his father from being a much revered Thresholder and protector of The Doorways, to a jaded Imaginer, destroyed by false promises of hope and consumed by cynicism and doubt from broken dreams. He crossed to the realm of Faileas unawares, only realising where he had cast his allegiance when it was too late to return. \
Faileas had worked silently and diligently on Arias Dylan for years, taking away everything that was precious to him, breaking him down relentlessly, until finally he took what was more dear and precious to him than any known wealth. When Raife's mother, Alicia died after a hideous illness consumed her, Raife watched his Father disappear deep into despair and then ultimately into bitterness. His rage against the world for taking from him the only thing he truly lived for, fed an unconscious appetite to see others suffer as he had. He surrendered to the darkness of Faileas, unaware completely that Alicia had been driven to her death from years of tormented whisperings from Faileas and his followers to drive out her self-belief. \
In time, although consumed by equal grief as his father for the loss of his beloved mother, Raife could no longer recognise his Father as the man who had walked with him in The Mountains, shown him the Doorways as a child, fished with him in the rivers and loved he and his mother with a gentleness uncommon for any man. He vowed to never fall prey to such a destructive transformation from loss of hope, through hidden weaknesses or a betrayal to oneself.\
All he could control was himself and he knew and had seen first hand how such love for another, as the love his father had for his mother, could undo a man. The day when he finally had to turn his back on his father, he took a private vow to belong to no one and no one to him. To never expose himself to weakness that would interfere with his commitment to protect and heal Imaginers and Sleepers. So he put his head down for the 400th time in his life and tried not to notice Lucia Noble.\
\
Instead he sort solace in the company of fellow Imaginer, Dana Livingstone, a striking, dynamically creative and yet, athletic girl who had been his constant companion since he could remember. They were best friends, although Raife was not blind to her deep feelings for him beyond their friendship and he was not blind to his own feelings of never wanting to lose her. Her loyalty and friendship had been a constant anchor for him to something good through a life filled with suffering and loneliness. She had such a grounded way of being in the world that he immediately felt an ease of comfort with her and yet he felt secure that he could never lose himself in their connection. \
Their friendship  was based almost entirely on being a united force against the challenges that presented themselves in and out of The Dreamhelm with Dana providing the incredible insight and awareness into just about any situation and Raife providing the best course of action and implementing it with incredible skill. She was the only person he had come to rely on outside of himself and because of this and her devotion to him, the two of them were inseparable.\
This connection with Dana and Raife was impenetrable from any outside force and one that Lucia would, in her weaker moments cry herself to sleep over. The more she grieved Raife, the more she disappeared into her world of painting in the realm of Time and devoted herself completely to others in The Helm. \
\
Although Lucia had to hide her secret heart, her unrelenting self-discipline to put her personal desires away and focus on helping others had it's rewards. While other girls were planning what dress to wear on their first date with the cute boy they had 
\f3\i all
\f2\i0  requested at one time or another in The Room of Temporary Perfect Love, Lucia had earned the most treasured prize in The Dreamhelm through her long list of selfless deeds.\
At the tender age of 18, Lucia had been presented with the golden key to The Room of Destiny, one of 7 chambers in The Manifestation Tower that all Imaginers desperately hoped to enter and only something that could be earned through much self-sacrifice. Estel and Julius Noble accompanied their daughter on this significant occasion in The Dreamhelm to be by her side when she was to unveil what her destiny was to be in the realm of Time. A piece of information that was what everyone knew was waiting for them and yet very few were able to access.\
\
She arrived at the door with her golden key in her left hand and turned it once, entering a room with no roof, just a ceiling of stars and an enormous telescope that looked to the sky, 
\f3\i not dissimilar to the one on Observatory Hill
\f2\i0 , Lucia thought. Under that infinite sky was an altar made of ornate gold and upon it sat a woman, man and a child, like a royal family waiting to be met by the masses. In keeping with all who resided in The Manifestation Tower, they were dressed in white and as a unit, they gave off a light like a full moon on a clear night, so much so, that Lucia had to shield her eyes.\
Then the woman called Lucia forward with a simple gesture of her hand and Lucia moved to stand in front of her and noticed that she was the most divinely beautiful woman whom she had ever seen. She had the softest of features, nothing inharmonious about her, just gentleness and grace. She took Lucia's hand and whispered,\
\
"My name is Eagna and you; you are Lucia Noble, yes?"\
"I am", nodded Lucia\
"Then come here Lucia and sit upon this chair and you will discover why you were born".\
\
Lucia ascended the stairs of the altar, nerves fluttering about in her belly and took a seat on a plush throne, her palms sweating, her heart beating faster than she had ever known it to.\
Eagna then unfolded Lucia's hands and studied the lines on her palms. She nodded and turned to the man who had been seated next to her. He nodded back and stood up, walking to the larger than life telescope pointed at the night sky and peered through it for several minutes. He then turned around to face Lucia with an understated regal air.\
He cleared his throat as he stood before her,\
"Let me introduce myself" he said with a deep voice, neither dominating, nor weak. \
"My name is Eolas and I have seen your destiny in the night sky for many years. It is a destiny that very few have the capacity to fulfil, a path so filled with challenges and potentials for failure that if you were to overcome them, it would make you the greatest Imaginer of all time".\
\
He took a breath and walked around for a moment, looking at Eagna  as he walked and then with his hands behind his back, he turned to face Lucia once more. \
\
"I will not lie to you Lucia, there is no guarantee on the path before you that you will succeed, one's destiny is never fixed, it is only a blue print for what your potential is. Through your choices will the outcome reveal itself, so all i can say to guide you is this: Choose wisely".\
\
After a moment's pause, Eolas looked at Eagna and then turned to the child who had been seated between them,\
\
"Come here dear Aine", he said gently to the child, who immediately stood up and walked over to Lucia. Aine was holding a very old wooden box covered with various bolts and made from copper and she set it on the floor in front of Lucia. She was invited by the three regal figures to open it and inside was a scroll made from the most delicate of papers.\
\
"Take your time Lucia when reading it, absorb it and know it until your cells retain the memory of it, then place it back in the box when you are ready", said Eolas.\
\
The three figures walked away and gave Lucia the privacy to read the scroll. She tentatively unravelled it and saw that her hands were shaking uncontrollably. She took a deep breath and read the following:\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\sl336\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f3\i \cf0 Lucia Noble -\
\
Love unconditionally what no one else has the light to see in The Rejected One and you will free all who run from imperfection, back to innate wholeness.
\f2\i0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\sl336\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0 \cf0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\sl336\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f2 \cf0 Lucia read the Destiny Scroll perhaps 7 times before she let it relax in her hands a little. She stood there trying to make complete sense of her fate, but figured that it was best just to record it to memory and figure it out later. Eolas however, proved to be more forthcoming with some guidance than she had expected,\
\
"What do you think Lucia? Do you think you are up to the task ahead of you?" he asked a little more sternly this time.\
"I guess, I mean I'm not entirely sure what the task is exactly, except that I must give unconditional love to those who have had none", she said almost like a nerdy school girl trying to figure out a math equation. \
\
Eolas looked at her and thought for a moment before saying, "There have been several 
\f3\i Lightbearers 
\f2\i0 since the beginning of the realm of Time, those whose destiny it has been to shine the light of their love onto not just those who have been rejected in Time, but onto the one who resides in The Dreamhelm itself, 
\f3\i The Shadowmaker, 
\f2\i0 who goes by the name Faileas\
To even say his name out loud made everyone in the room recoil, as they all pictured their greatest fear or insurmountable terror within.\
"His form", continued Eolas, "is a culmination of all collective evils within all of humanity. It is said to be so hideous, that those who have let their eyes fall on him, have been heard to scream with unthinkable horror before jumping into 
\f3\i The Chasm
\f2\i0  to free themselves of such a beast".\
Lucia shivered at the thought of how she may even begin to overcome what the previous great Imaginers, had failed at. She wondered if she really was up to the task and able to answer Eloas' question with conviction.\
\
"So Lucia, I ask you again, Do you believe that you are up to this task?"\
Lucia was silent and then spoke slowly "I must believe".\
Eolas smiled and with that, they all nodded and Lucia turned and took the hand of both her mother and father and left the room, taking her first step towards finding out whether or not she could fulfil her enormous destiny.\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\sl336\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f3\i \cf0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\sl336\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\i0 \cf0 \
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\sl336\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f2 \cf0                                                 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\sl336\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f3\i \cf0 Chapter Twelve 
\f0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\i0 \cf0 \
                                   
\f1                                                                         \
                           \
\
meeting the thresholder\
\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\sl360\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f2 \cf0 Hero looked down at the piece of paper she had pulled from her pocket that had Lucy's street address scrawled across it and tried to figure out where she had to go next. She was standing on the corner of Oxford Street and Queens Avenue with Gordon trying to understand the map she had just bought from the News Agency when Gordon nudged her,\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\sl336\slmult1\pardirnatural
\cf0 "It's gonna rain, look at those birds and that cloud coming", he said. \
Hero looked up and saw a flock of birds flying quickly south, away from an ominous black cloud filled with about 2 hours worth of rain fall.\
"We'd better find her place quick" he said to Hero, as he lit up a cigarette.\
"Don't smoke Gordon, it's so dumb!" scoffed Hero, \
"I like it" said Gordon mocking her ridicule.\
"No you don't, you only do it because it makes you feel older. Anyway if your saw what it does to you in the long run, it's pretty disgusting. My mum's brother smoked since he was 12 and died from it
\f0  
\f2 by the time he was 38, his lung collapsed" said Hero, pausing before the last statement for dramatic effect.\
Gordon looked at Hero for a moment and his inner rebel had one last drag on the cigarette, before stomping it out on the pavement. Although he was irritated by her little preachy stance, he knew deep down that she was right.\
"We head down here, come on" ordering Gordon after her.\
They both walked another 5 minutes down the road, turning into the street that was written on the paper and stopped short before  number 46 Centennial Drive. Gordon let out a long exaggerated whistle "Well, will you look at that would you?" his arms, akimbo.\
"I am, I am, trust me", said Hero, slightly cynical.\
Never before had Hero seen a more magnificent and completely out of her league house. Sure she had probably passed by houses like these at some point in her life, but had never noticed them, had never needed to, she had never known anyone in them.\
"How can 
\f3\i anyone,
\f2\i0  but the Queen of England afford to live in a house like that?" spat Gordon, suddenly indignant at how the other half live.\
"I don't know" said Hero looking down the street at all the incredible mansions that sat like shrines to a life of privilege and possibility that seemed so remote to her. "Most of these places are empty", said Hero, suddenly noticing the lack of life behind the french windows in their many guises, the absent cars in the drive ways, the lack of laughter of children. \
"Yeah, well it's because these fellas have nothin' better to do than be a slave to The Shadowmaker's system, sitting behind a desk for 12 hours a day to pay for all this. They get to enjoy it on Bank Holidays though I guess." laughed Gordon, finding himself terribly funny"\
"Maybe you 
\f3\i should
\f2\i0  smoke Gordon, you speak less", teased Hero.\
\
They both went to the door and Hero pulled the brass chain a few times of a regal looking bell encased in the body of a brass raven. The sound echoed across the porch and within a few moments the door opened and a woman with the most extraordinary red hair answered,\
"Hello, how can I help you two?"\
"Um\'85", Hero cleared her voice. \
"I was wondering if 
\f3\i this
\f2\i0  girl lives here?" asked Hero in her best and most polite voice, as she showed the woman the piece of paper with Lucy's name on it. \
"She is with her parents at the Art auction down in the old Church in Paddington, I think it's called Saint Francis of Assisi Catholic Church, just off Hargrave Street." said the woman.\
"You're not her mum?", asked Hero suddenly.\
"Oh no, I'm Emily Craven, her Nanny" said Emily.\
"A Nanny? What's a Nanny for?" asked Hero, suddenly getting very nosey.\
Emily laughed, more to herself as she thought back over the last 12 years of Lucy's life, "What does a Nanny do?" Emily asked Hero rhetorically and still laughing.\
"A Nanny does 
\f3\i everything
\f2\i0 ". She finished, chuckling more to herself. \
"You'll find her down at the Church, but you should hurry if you want to see her, I think it's going to rain soon".                                                                                                                                                                                                            \
\
Hero thanked Emily and turned to leave, dragging Gordon with her, who seemed reluctant to leave the grounds without entering the luxurious estate first.\
"What's the time Hero?" asked Gordon suddenly.\
"How should I know, have you ever known me to wear a watch?", she asked.\
Gordon let out a frustrated sigh and looked over the shoulder of a woman at the traffic lights and read her watch: 1:47pm. \
"I have to split for a bit Hero, I told Catcher that I'd meet him at The Doorway in Centennial Park. Maybe once you've met up with\'85who you have to meet\'85" said Gordon, suddenly stopping as he remembered that Lucy's name was never to be said out loud. "\'85so yeah, maybe once you're done, then you can join us in the pine forest. I think Catcher wants to meet her, see her for himself".\
"Sure, I'll try not to be too long", said Hero and smacked Gordon's hand and held it for a moment before heading in the opposite direction. \
\
Hero found the church on the map and walked up the stone steps to the entrance. Looking inside tentatively, she noticed a room full of the most incredible collection of Aboriginal artefacts. If only Gordon was with her, he would be able to tell her immediately whether such a spectacular display was actually authentic. Hero's thoughts were interrupted when her eyes fell upon a girl seated in the far corner with an Imaginal dog at her feet, licking the top of her shoe. It was Lucy Barker who had never felt so trapped by her circumstances as she did at that moment, until she looked up and saw the face she had been thinking about all day.\
She leaped to her feet and ran to the door to greet her new friend, almost tripping over several customers on the way out of excitement.\
"What are you doing here? How did you find me?" gushed Lucy. \
"I went to your house with a friend of mine and your 
\f3\i Nanny
\f2\i0  said you were here. Is it O.K to be here though, I mean it looks pretty posh and serious here?"\
"Of course it is. Let me just see if my mother will mind if i go for a walk with you, just a minute" said Lucy.\
Hero watched Lucy talk with her mother who seemed hardly to pay attention to Lucy and just waved her hand at her dismissively.\
Lucy ran back over to Hero filled with excitement,\
"It's all good, let's get out of here".\
"So what was all that Aboriginal stuff in there for?"asked Hero.\
"Oh that", said Lucy hitting the air with her hand as if she was pushing away the last few hours of her morning, "That is my parent's collection of Aboriginal artefacts and art that they have just collected for their business. They are antique dealers, but mainly just workaholics". \
"It sounds interesting, do they dig up the pieces themselves?" asked Hero, suddenly thinking how cool it would be to travel the world as an archeologist.\
"No way!" Lucy laughed, as she thought about her Father holding a shovel and standing in dirt with no spare hand to hold his mobile phone.\
"No they just go around and find things they like and that have a certain value. Once they buy them, they mark up the price and then sell them to crazy people who want to pay thousands of dollars to live with bones and put their eggs in baskets made of woven twine" said Lucy cynically.\
Both Hero and Lucy laughed as they walked, feeling that a special bond of friendship had already woven them together.\
"I want you to meet my best friend, Gordon" said Hero suddenly to Lucy."He's up at Centennial Park with 
\f3\i The 
\f2\i0 most famous Thresholder ever alive today".\
"What's a Thresholder?" asked Lucy\
"A Thresholder is someone chosen to protect The Doorways, remember the portals I was telling you about?" \
Lucy nodded.\
"Well he pretty much guards The Doorways to help Imaginers enter and exit without interference from Dreamshapers".\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\sl336\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f3\i \cf0 There was that word again
\f2\i0 , thought Lucy, the word that sent shivers up and down her spine.\
"What do The Dreamshapers 
\f3\i actually 
\f2\i0 want?" asked Lucy, suddenly feeling very cold.\
"What do they want? They want your mind, or importantly, your imagination", Hero said dramatically.\
The girls walked onward a little further, both contemplating the effect of Hero's words. Lucy felt frustrated by the very existence of Shapers, almost as if she'd been told about a great picnic that she could attend whenever she liked, but it would sooner or later rain. \
"Why do they want that? What's their reason?", Lucy asked after losing herself in her thoughts.\
Hero stopped and said with a deeply serious voice, "Control, plain and simple".\
"Control over what?" asked Lucy, indignant that this was the only reason some folks wanted to ruin her fun.\
"I guess because the more you keep people asleep, the more you can get them to do what you want in the Realm of Time.\
"Who would want to do that?" asked Lucy naively.\
"You've never been told about The ShadowMaker I guess have you", Hero questioned. \
Lucy shook her head slowly, feeling anxiety that there was something worse than The DreamShapers. "What is The ShadowMaker"\
"He was once an amazing Imaginer, with incredible influence who fell off the noble path of an Imaginer" said Hero like a young historian, "Now he uses Dreamshapers to control The Realm of Time through the minds of The Sleepers".  \
"How do you know all this?" asked Lucy who had been amazed at Hero's level of awareness since she met her.\
"I come from a long line of Imaginers, it's all been passed down through the ages, besides my mum is quite a well-respected Imaginer and is very close to Catcher, The Thresholder I was telling you about, he knows more about the Dreamhelm than anybody alive today."\
"Catcher?", quizzed Lucy. "I thought his name was Raife?"\
"He goes by the name of The Catcher in The Helm, because he is the only person who knows how to save people from Faileas".\
\
Hero and Lucy arrived at the pine forest and made their way into the centre, where on a soft bed of pines sat the unlikely duo; Gordon Wilson and Raife Dylan. They were talking in low voices and stopped short when they heard approaching footsteps. They all stood up to meet each other and Hero made the introductions, stopping last of all on Raife,\
"And this is Raife Dylan, The Thresholder I told you about".\
Raife knelt down before Lucy to be less intimidating and both Imaginer and Thresholder looked each other in the eyes for several moments. All Lucy could think about when she looked at the famous Thresholder was, 
\f3\i Here is a man who has seen more darkness than he has wanted to see.
\f2\i0  His dark unkempt hair framing bottomless blue eyes on a compelling face, Lucy wondered what story in his life had trapped such sadness in those eyes. \
All Raife could see when he looked at Lucy, were the eyes of Lucia Noble staring back at him on the face of a bewildered child. He fell silent at the thought of Lucia and the very fact that before him, was the daughter whom she had believed to be his also. His eyes filled with tears when he thought back to the events that drove Lucia out of his life and the memory of that alone made him vow once more to never rest until Faileas was destroyed for good. He could not however, indulge in memories of her or that time at all, or he would weaken his mind with sadness, handing the forever watchful Faileas an opportunity to enter his mind, his heart and his soul and undo him from the inside out. \
Raife instead shook the thoughts from his mind and extended his hand,"I cannot tell you Lucy, what an honour it is to meet you finally".\
Lucy became mute with awe at meeting this great Imaginer, not to mention shocked that he was honoured to be meeting her. She finally found her voice box, "It's really an honour to meet you too Sir", using her most respectful voice. \
"You can call me Catcher if you like Lucy, most people do and anyway, Sir doesn't quite fit with this picture" said Raife gesturing back to himself, "We are all equals here, everyone learns from each other, no matter what your age". He smiled at her and his face became the warmest, friendliest face that she had seen on an adult, besides that of her Nanny. She liked him immediately and felt a strange safety in his presence.\
\
"Do you live around here, just nod if you do" Catcher asked Lucy.\
Lucy nodded and took the pencil and notepad that Catcher had just pulled out of his pocket and handed to her.\
"Write down your address if you're comfortable with me knowing that. My job is to protect you. They will be hunting you soon, if they have not begun already", said Catcher looking around warily.\
"Who?" Lucy asked nervously.\
"I will explain to you in time, but not here, not when we are surrounded by hidden ears longing to hear what I have to tell you, we have to find a safe place to go to". Catcher paused for a moment to think what to do.\
"Can we go here?" he asked Lucy, pointing at the paper where she had written her address.\
"Sure", said Lucy, "Although my parent's will be there once they pack up their exhibition"\
"Will they be alright with us being there?' asked Catcher.\
"I have no idea", said Lucy, "I don't usually have people around, just my one friend, Beatrice".\
Hero interrupted and said to Gordon,\
"You should go and see her parent's exhibition, they have on display the most amazing collection of Aboriginal artefacts and art work. It's amazing!" \
"Yeah, I'm sure I'd love to see all the things that have gone missing from our tribe and other brother's tribes on sale for millions" said Gordon wryly. \
"They paid good money to your community for the items" said Lucy defensively. "It ultimately helps your community in the end" finished Lucy, trying to justify her parents obsession.\
"I just think that some things should not be for sale, some things are sacred and have no price that could match its value", said Gordon passionately.\
Hero and Catcher stared at him, having never seen this serious side in him before.\
Lucy was not upset by Gordon's reaction, after all, hadn't she also been thinking how one person's tea cup is another person's Holy Grail?\
"Actually, I saw another Imaginer at the exhibition", Lucy blurted out suddenly, "He walked away with the ultimate prize item that was on Auction". said Lucy suddenly, remembering the strange man from earlier that day.\
"How did you know he was an Imaginer? Did you guys speak?" asked Hero.\
"No, he saw Jesse, my Imaginal dog" said Lucy, as they all looked over at her pet licking his leg. \
"Anyway, this man was very strange" she said suddenly.\
"In what way?" asked Catcher suddenly focusing in on the discussion as he patted Jesse.\
"Well he seemed really, really old; ancient almost and yet he moved with the kind of speed like, I don't know, Hero or someone really young and athletic".\
A look of concern crossed over Catcher's brow, "What was he doing there?" he asked Lucy.\
"He was there to buy this famous old bone that my parent's no doubt paid a $100 for. It's supposed to be that Magic Bone that was used to turn the Three Sisters into rocks, but I doubt it's real". said Lucy cynically, until she turned and saw the impact of what she had said on the three other Imaginers.\
"Oh Boy!" said Hero aloud, breaking the silent shock of the group as she covered her mouth.\
Catcher had quickly gathered his things and was pulling his rucksack onto his back with silent urgency. \
"Waddaya gonna do brother?" asked Gordon anxiously.\
"Head back up right away. If what you're saying is true", he said looking gravely at Lucy, "then the war has officially begun and we are already three steps behind".\
"Why? What has happened?" asked Lucy completely alarmed suddenly.\
"Remember I told you about the myth of The Three Sisters?", said Hero, "and how whoever finds The Magic Bone that has been missing for centuries, will control The Doorways; who comes in, who leaves and what will become of them", Hero said gravely.\
"What does that mean for Imaginers?" asked Lucy, deeply concerned.\
"It means\'85", said Catcher, his voice trailing off as he began to quickly stride out of the pine forest and down the sloping hill with the others in tow. "It means that Faileas will control this world and The Dreamhelm if we don't get all Thresholders immediately into action. They will close up all the pure Doorways and leave open only the corrupted Doors in the city, making it easier to shape the minds of all dreamers with their vile imaginings" said Catcher, who for the first time in awhile, appeared deeply stressed.\
The four Imaginers made their way through the park and out the iron gates, making their way down Oxford Street. Catcher looked around at all the people shopping and chatting, oblivious to the events that were about to unfold, that had been foretold. He wanted to hold them all, protect them from the despair, the pain and the torment that all Imaginers and Sleepers would endure at the hands of The Shadowmaker and his followers. The subliminal war on the mind, the heart and the soul that had been evolving for centuries and was now to reach its zenith, in his time, his era as a Thresholder. What a burden, what a destiny and one that he wasn't certain he would fulfil. He was his father's son after all and did they not share the same blood, the same D.N.A of surrendering all for love? Could he outsmart The Shadow and protect all these people from having their heads and hearts filled with a dangerous lust for power or worse still, a sense of hopelessness. He couldn't be sure, but as Hero, Gordon and he turned to wave good-bye to Lucy, he stared after her knowing that in the end, she would be their best hope. \
With that thought, the black cloud above that had threatened rain all day broke above their heads, as Catcher watched everyone on the street suddenly go into panic mode and seek immediate protection, a scene that he knew in the near future, would not be far from the truth.\
\
\
\
\
\
                                                  \

\f3\i Chapter Thirteen \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\sl336\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0 \cf0 \
                                                                                                            \

\f1\i0 roselake Dreamshapers\
\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\sl336\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f2 \cf0 By the time Lucy made it home with her dog Jesse, she was completely soaked through to the bone and shivering. Emily Craven was beside herself when she saw the state of Lucy on her arrival and immediately ordered her into a warm bath, making her way downstairs to organise for Lucy a bowl of her best pumpkin soup.\
Lucy looked at the candles while she soaked in a tub of bubbles and mentally travelled back through her day. What a crazy day! What a brilliant, if a somewhat frightening day as well, recalling Catcher's prediction about Faileas and the Magic Bone. \
Lucy had so many unanswered questions inside her from the day and all that was discussed. She was disappointed that the gathering with Catcher, Gordon and Hero had been cut short from the panic about the bone and the thunderstorm, it had been the first time that she had ever felt like she belonged to a group of people.\
\
She still had no idea why they were unable to say her name aloud or why anyone would be so anxious to hunt 
\f3\i her 
\f2\i0 down? She was nobody special after all and obviously completely new to the broader Dreamhelm where all experienced Imaginers were able to meet up and hang out together. What would anyone want with her?\
At that moment the door to the bathroom opened and in walked Jesse and nudged Lucy's hand that was hanging over the bath.\
"Hey Jesse, feeling better now you're home and warm?"\
Jesse barked and sat up dutifully and waited for Lucy to get out of her bath. Lucy patted her dog and gave an enormous sigh of frustration at her isolation from those who understood her. 
\f3\i At least Hero and I will meet up on Wednesday
\f2\i0  thought Lucy, wondering how she would ever make it to then without going out of her mind with questions. It was apparent to Lucy that Hero was pretty relaxed when it came to attending school, so it came as only a small surprise when Hero suggested that she would come down and wait to meet Lucy after school so they could enter The Dreamhelm together.\
Lucy finished her bath and made her way downstairs with Jesse in tow for the fresh soup that Emily had made her. She arrived in the dining room and took her seat at the long table while Jesse sat at her feet. Emily brought her soup in and for a brief moment, Lucy was sure that she had seen Emily step over Jesse so as not to crush him. Had she seen him? Was she an Imaginer too? Lucy looked up at Emily as she lowered her soup to the table to try and see in her eyes if she knew what Lucy knew. Emily just smiled her usual warm smile and gave away nothing to say whether she was an Imaginer or not and Lucy suddenly felt a little foolish to even ask her, especially if she had to explain an invisible dog.\
Lucy finished her dinner and was made to go to bed earlier than she would have liked, having  School on the next day, 
\f3\i Big Deal!
\f2\i0  she thought, but would never dream of upsetting Emily by defying her, so she climbed into bed and Jesse jumped onto the end. Even though he was there with her, she suddenly felt so alone, so completely on her own and sad about it. Her own company never bothered her that much before, sometimes she preferred it, but now that she knew that there were others like her, she became aware of a gaping hole in her life now they were not around. She suddenly wanted her mother to be there, she wanted her mother before she became obsessed with the business and making millions of dollars. It seemed to Lucy, that the more money people had, the more they wanted, it was a bottomless pit of there never being enough. 
\f3\i At least if you had none, just having some would seem like a million dollars
\f2\i0 , thought Lucy. Her mother used to be different, softer, a little more present, now she was just a workaholic, distant and in short, unavailable. Lucy's parents were leaving the country the very first thing the next morning and would be gone for a week hunting new artefacts, she felt pretty sure that her chances of seeing them before then were slim. It was just her and Emily again alone in an over-sized house and an invisible dog for company. Lucy rolled over on her side and looked out of her window until her tears exhausted her into a heavy sleep.\
\
When Lucy arrived the next morning for school and stood alone in a court yard of united, giggling girls at Roselake Grammar, she was sure that she had imagined Hero, Raife and Gordon as a kind of coping mechanism for her profound loneliness. Bea was home with a cold that day and Lucy was overwhelmed at the prospect of enduring a day there without the one person who liked her. When she stopped by Bea's house on the way to school and realised her fate for the day, she immediately turned around and fetched Jesse before making her way to Roselake.\
As she stood there in the school courtyard, she looked around at the different groups of girls one by one, trying to work out what it was that brought them together. The first group consisted of five girls who all had a deep obsession with an immensely popular all-boy band called 
\f3\i FanTC4U.
\f2\i0  That was all they ever talked about, bringing fan magazines to school and gossipng over them, all wearing their hair like the girls in their music videos, with desperate dreams of one day being the girl on the lead singer's arm. \
The next group consisted of six nervous, introverts whom Lucy had privately called 
\f3\i The Hungry Girls
\f2\i0 . The entire group were bonded over a mutual fixation with calories, diets and size zero jeans. They were not so much friends, Lucy observed as much as girls who liked to keep their competitors close, to monitor their progress against each other. They didn't object to Lucy, as she wasn't starving herself, so therefore was no real threat.\
The third group was Lucy's least favourite and was made up of Isabella Villain and Courtney Stiekem, the President and Vice-President of The "I Hate Lucy Barker Club". Besides the two ringleaders, the group comprised of their disciples, or rather doppelg\'e4ngers who travelled around with them in all their sycophantic splendour. The group prided themselves on being self-appointed connoisseurs of taste and style, but were in truth just very insecure girls masquerading as Fashion Police. They looked down on everyone and everything who did not adhere to their dress code, hair style, choice of films, music, books and topics of conversation. Their self-obsession and pre-occupation with image, was all motivated by the desire to get the attention of certain  boys they had deemed worthy of them from Roselake Grammar for Boys across the street. \
None of this should have bothered Lucy, except this group decided that their strength was to be found in ridiculing and bullying those who were not like them. They had pounced on Lucy the first few days into her 6 years at Roselake, deciding that her individuality was a problem, an uncontrollable facet of the social network that they had immediately took control of. Slowly, day by day they attacked Lucy in subtle ways, leaving horrible letters in her desk, whispering about her obviously in her presence, copying her hair styles and impersonating her, laughing hysterically at themselves about it. Lucy had tried to ignore the group, but when she received a letter, inviting her to join the "I Hate Lucy Barker Club" and she had seen all the members names on the list, she broke down at such cruelty, such scapegoating. Why was it always her? Was she 
\f3\i really
\f2\i0  that different? \
\
\
The bell for class sounded and everyone formed their lines for their Homerooms. After an agonising 20 minute monologue from Principal Jessop, they all marched into class, when Mr Littlemore stopped Lucy and asked her to wait outside for him. Lucy waited, wondering what in the world Mr Littlmore wanted as she made Jesse sit and began to pat him around the ears. He had always been the one friendly teacher at her school, besides Miss Johansson, her Art Teacher. She sure hoped that he wouldn't become a Mrs Angela Jessop on her and start being tyrannical.\
Mr Littlemore came out quietly and looked around him and down the hall to make sure that no one was around.\
"Lucy, I don't have time to explain, but you 
\f3\i must
\f2\i0  not bring your dog to school, do you hear me. You MUSN'T!" he whispered desperately.\
Lucy's mouth fell open and wide. This was most definitely not what she was expecting; Mr Littlemore\'85an Imaginer?\
"I can't believe it?" was all she could say.\
"Just trust me Lucy, there are some here at this School who shape the dreams of others for the one who creates darkness, I cannot say who they are, but I know that you have a clue. If such people discovered what you are and more importantly, 
\f3\i who
\f2\i0  you are, you would be in the greatest danger of any living soul alive today".\
Lucy still had her mouth open in shock, by not only who he was, but what he was saying.\
"Now go immediately to the door and take that dog outside and do not under any circumstances, give any sign that you see the dog to anyone. Do you understand me?" he said with such seriousness, that Lucy was afraid of him for a moment.\
She nodded and quickly did as he asked her, returning a little later to her classroom, to take a seat inconspicuously at the back.\
\
Lucy spent her time between her conversation with Mr Littlemore and her meeting with Hero, obsessively thinking about what he had told her about the existence of Dreamshapers at Roselake. She began to observe everyone a little differently at school with this new awareness, trying to work out for certain who was an Imaginer, who was a Dreamshaper and who was just a Sleeper. She wanted to believe that Isabella and Courtney were Shapers, but she wasn't sure if that was just her desire to have a solid motivation to fight them and justify her fantasies of their demise.\
Without a doubt though, as she spent the next week in the office of Principal Jessop, writing out the school rules, she was deeply convinced that Angela Jessop was a Dreamshaper of the highest calibre. Her pathological obsession with rules, that Lucy was convinced were just in place to curtail other people's joy, was the first give-away of her Dreamhelm status. More worrisome was Mrs Jessop's complete absence of empathy or tenderness for others. She instead relished her position of authority with such a passion that she was in fact gleeful to be given the opportunity to reprimand a student, or impose a new regulation on everyone's happiness at the drop of a hat. Lucy had walked into her office only that week to do her lines, when she caught Mrs Jessop looking at herself in the mirror and repeating the craziest mantra Lucy had ever heard,\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\sl336\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f3\i \cf0 \
Power in everything I do\
Power in everything I say\
Power in everything I am \
Power over this\
Power over that\
Power over who\
Power over what\
In every way \
It will be a powerful day.\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\sl336\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f2\i0 \cf0 Lucy waited silently listening to Principal Jessop gear herself up for the power trip that she pulled out for everyone's unhappiness at The School. Lucy felt a sense of privilege stumbling upon her process and gaining valuable insight into the mind of a despot. If nothing else, it confirmed for Lucy that she had to be a Shaper. 
\f3\i However,
\f2\i0  
\f3\i enough was enough, 
\f2\i0 thought Lucy, not quite being up to hearing the mantra for the seventh time. She cleared her voice loudly, making Principal Jessop jump like a kid caught with her hand in the cookie jar. She ordered Lucy into the corner to begin her lines while she got busy hiding her embarrassment in the filing cabinet.\
Lucy quickly did her lines and handed them in to Principal Jessop , feeling a little pleased with herself for having completed it in record time. \
"You can wipe that smug look off your face Miss Barker", said Principal Jessop as she perused Lucy's lines for an error that could justify her desire to pull her up and make her repeat it.\
Instead, Principal Jessop just smiled, stood up, walked behind Lucy and dropped her paper on the floor and said,\
"Do it again\'85twice more, so you'll think twice about being smug in my presence. There is no victory over me Miss Barker. I run this school, my mother ran this school and my Father's Grandfather started this school". She took a deep breath in, arms clasped behind her back as she circled Lucy and continued,\
"I own this School, the ideas that are taught here, the people who teach them and the students who learn them. In short Miss Barker, I own you, I own your mind and even though you think you're too smart to conform I can promise you this; before you leave this school, you will 
\f3\i know
\f2\i0  that your mind belongs to me". Mrs Jessop spat the last line in her face and Lucy made a mental note that up close, Principal Angela Jessop was clearly a direct descendent of the Wildebeest. 
\f3\i \

\f2\i0 Lucy reluctantly repeated her lines, but finished them without complaint and hurried away, lest she be made to repeat the exercise once more. One thing was for certain however, Principal Jessop was without a shadow of a doubt, a Dreamshaper.\
\
By the time Wednesday had arrived, Lucy was so excited to see Hero that she could hardly sit through the tedium that was her school day at Roselake. Thankfully, she had art in the afternoon with Miss Johansson and it was the only thing that stopped Lucy from quietly slipping out the gates at lunch time and heading straight for home. Miss Johansson always spoke with a gentle voice and made everyone feel that they had a secret Leonardo hidden inside themselves just waiting to get out. That afternoon, they had to try and remember a situation when they didn't feel happy or a time when something didn't go the way they had hoped. Once the scene was set, they were instructed to paint the scene as they would have liked it and create the outcome they had wished for.\
Lucy thought of her family situation and the loneliness of being an only child to parents who were constantly away or busy, with no brother or sister and a pet that she had to pretend wasn't there. She imagined her parents, happy together and at home sitting around the dinner table with her and her brother. She had always wanted a brother rather than a sister actually, having had very dubious connections with other girls at school had left her feeling suspicious of her own kind somewhat, with Bea being the exception and now Hero as well. She painted this scene and added Jess as being a dog that everyone could see and pat. While she painted, she felt the scene become completely real, as if it was possible that one day her parents 
\f3\i could
\f2\i0  be happy together and that she had a brother with whom she could share every possible adventure with in the realm of Time 
\f3\i and 
\f2\i0 The Dreamhelm.\
\
Lucy felt so convinced of what she had created, that when she came out of her trance she was shocked to find that it was not true. Everyone placed their drawings on the wall and Lucy noticed that she was the only person who had drawn her family. Everyone else had drawn themselves winning awards and races, having a pair of incredible roller skates, a top of the range bicycle, the latest shoes, or something akin to a fairy princess dress. It seemed everyone's greatest dreams could be solved by going down to a department store. Lucy would have felt even more alone if it were not for Greer Farmer who had drawn herself holding hands with her Grandmother again, who had recently died.\
Lucy saw "The Club" sniggering at her drawing and whispering horrible comments to each other within Lucy's ear shot,\
"Maybe if she had of asked for a pretty face and a dynamic personality instead of settling for being such a 
\f3\i weirdo
\f2\i0 , then she might have attracted someone willing enough to be her brother", said Isabella with optimum nastiness.\
"That is 
\f3\i highly 
\f2\i0 inappropriate and unkind Isabella Villain. You will sit with me tomorrow at lunch time and write Lucy an apology letter, do you hear me?" said Miss Johansson in an uncharacteristically stern voice.\
After a significant stand off with Miss Johansson, Isabella eventually nodded haughtily and then turned to face Lucy with a stare so filled with hatred, that Lucy felt it go through into her body. She avoided eye contact with any of "The Club" members for the rest of the class and as soon as the bell rang, she quickly gathered her things and ran for the School gate to meet the one person who understood her.\
\
\
\
          \
                                                    \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\sl336\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f3\i \cf0 Chapter Fourteen \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\sl336\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0 \cf0 \
\

\f1\i0 inside the dreamhelm
\f2 \
\
When Lucy arrived at the gates to her house, she saw Hero walking on her hands along the footpath and doing some kind of breakdancing to music pouring out of a ghetto blaster that she had obviously brought with her. Hero saw Lucy upside down and jumped to her feet and raced to give her a hug,\
"Yay!, Finally we get to hang out!" she said excitedly. Hero usually spent all her free time with Gordon or Raife, so it was quite a new experience for her to bond so immediately with another girl.\
"I can't tell you how happy I am to see you Hero, it's been such a horrible week at school so far", said Lucy, feeling the relief of being finally free from the place enter her body.\
"Mmmm! I know what you mean, that's why I don't care either way if I'm at School or not. Sometimes you just have to take a break from it. I call it 
\f3\i taking a joy day
\f2\i0 . Sometimes, you just have to take a step out of the system to remember that it cannot tell you who you are."\
"I could most definitely use more of those, my life is 
\f3\i all
\f2\i0  system and structures, routines and rules. I think we should make it a rule for US to have a "Joy Day" once a month" said Lucy with a smile.\
"Agreed" said Hero, pulling out a pen from her pocket and writing on her arm and Lucy's:\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\sl336\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f5 \cf0 I M J D\'85. has begun!\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\sl336\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f2 \cf0 "What does that mean?" asked Lucy, laughing at Hero's impulsive gesture.\
"International Monthly Joy Day\'85has begun!"said Hero in a voice like a Prime Minister.\
Both girls laughed and went inside, arm in arm filled with an unprecedented feeling of joy to have finally found another kindred spirit floating around in the realm of Time.\
\
Hero had never before been in a home with such an expansive interior, exceptional finery and obvious luxury. It was like entering a kingdom of Aladdin's greatest treasures with an overriding reference to any given Royal Family. Everything was impeccably tidy and clean, not a scuff mark to be seen or splattering of paint from a misguided paintbrush used on a rainy indoor art journaling day. Hero tried to imagine herself living there and feeling the freedom to kick her ball in the house the way she did back in The Mountains or to roller skate down the hall as she did at home. This place had so much space, she could easily have a big roller disco in the dining room and no one would be any the wiser if they were in the lounge room, but something told her, that such things were highly forbidden in this place, that very little 
\f3\i playing
\f2\i0  took place in the Barker Palace at all. Hero was grateful for her simple and yet completely freedom loving world that Dana had created for them both. There was something to be said for hand-me-down things, for Op shop throw rugs and crazy set dinnerware to take your mind off being too precious about your possessions to enjoy life. \
\
Emily Craven provided the girls with an afternoon tea of slices of homemade upside down cake served on silver plates and Earl Grey Tea in fine bone china cups. Hero's hand wobbled as she held onto her cup, eventually employing her other hand, for fear of dropping it. Surrounded by such finery, Hero was suddenly overwhelmed by how clumsy she was, how erratic her gestures were and how completely unfeminine she was. When she stood up after her afternoon tea and saw herself for the first time in a full-length mirror, she felt a new feeling of uncertainty about herself. Never before had she ever thought about her appearance or compared herself to whether she looked like other girls. Looking down now at her favourite New Order T-Shirt, cut-off jeans with a key chain and high top NIKE's, she suddenly felt like a freak next to Lucy who was obviously quite beautiful in an unusual way. Not that Lucy was overtly feminine, there was something about her that was slightly removed from all the ribbons and hair twirling. However, even with her all-girls-private-school uniform on and a simple pony tail, she was a thousand times more pleasing to look at then Hero was, or so Hero felt and for the first time, she didn't like completely who she was.\
\
The girls knew that they were about to begin their first Dreamwalk together into the Dreamhelm, but knowing they had just eaten, meant that they had to wait for their food to digest as no one was ever able to enter The Helm if they had just eaten, it was too grounding. So they played the piano together for awhile, making up funny songs about things they wanted to do, adventures they wanted to go on with the accompanying musical soundtrack, all of it quickly spiralling into a light competition to see who could tell the most spooky story with the scariest musical accompaniment.\
Finally after an hour of entertaining themselves in such a way, they decided it was time to enter The Dreamhelm together. Lucy was so filled with anticipation, excitement and nerves, having never before Imagined with someone else, she knew very little what to expect.\
Lucy changed out of her school uniform and changed into a pair of overalls and a warm jacket. She looked at herself next to Hero and felt as if she was a small country-town local who had just blown into the city for the first time, which was funny when she thought how it was Hero who was the Mountains girl. How Lucy longed for a pair of jeans and a t-shirt instead of all the fine dresses and shoes. She had nothing to wear that did not have her dressed up like a doll, except for the designer overalls she was now wearing and a pair of sandals that her mother had bought for the rare moments when she asked Lucy to help her weed the garden. 
\f3\i \
Oh, to be normal,
\f2\i0  thought Lucy, as she pulled on socks and sandals and tried not to look at Hero's effortless, comfortable, original style. What finery would she not exchange for a pair of cut of jeans with mud stains?\
"We'll be back soon Emily, we're going for a walk through Centennial Park", Lucy said matter-of-factly to her nanny to nip in the bud any deeper questioning.\
"What? Now?", asked Emily, slightly concerned.\
"It's O.K, we'll be back before 6pm", said Lucy with a tone of finality and quickly walked out the door with Hero before they could be stopped.\
\
Both girls hurried from view with a semi run and made their way to the gates of the great park, heading immediately for the oak tree near the pine forest. On the way, Hero filled Lucy in on Catcher and his background and how he had been her mother's best friend since she was just a girl. After hearing Hero's brief profiling of him, Lucy was even more fascinated by the mysterious Catcher and wanted to find out what he had wanted to tell her that day, before they were interrupted by all that Magic Bone business.\
"Do you know what Catcher was going to say to me the other day, you know, about who is hunting me?" she asked Hero, hoping to finally get some answers.\
Hero looked down at her feet as she walked, knowing full well that she had no permission to even mention a thing to Lucy, even if she really did know anything about it.\
"I can't really tell you much, it's not my place to do so, but maybe when we enter the Dreamhelm, we can go and see someone who 
\f3\i can
\f2\i0  tell you", said Hero, not entirely convinced that even that was OK.\
"Alright then!" said Lucy, delighted that she was a step closer to getting to the bottom of the mystery.\
The girls walked towards the foot of the oak tree, a Doorway to The Dreamhelm that Lucy had instinctively discovered on her own. They both sat down and crossed their legs and Hero cleared her voice to begin instructing Lucy on what they were about to undertake together.\
"Ok, you've been to the launchpad in The Helm already haven't you?" asked Hero in a serious voice.\
"Yes, just the once", said Lucy\
"Well, head for there again in your mind and once you're in, I should be either next to you or nearby, OK?"\
"OK!", Lucy said a little nervously.\
"Oh", Hero suddenly stopped, "You know about The Chasm don't you?" Hero suddenly asked, but noticing Lucy's blank stare, pressed on.\
"It's the gap between this world and The Dreamhelm and pretty much where The Dreamshapers hang out, waiting to drag Imaginers down into their control, before they can go any further".\
"How does one make it over The Chasm?" asked Lucy, feeling her heart beat pick up it's pace from fear.\
"The only way is to believe that you'll make it, a faith I guess. Some people are born with more of it, others had it and then lose it, some have it driven out of them".\
Lucy fell quiet, trying to decide which category she belonged to.\
\
"My mum always told me, that Imaginers are those who have the faith to jump into the unknown and believe in their dreams enough to bring them back in spite of 
\f3\i all
\f2\i0  the obstacles in the realm of Time and in The Dreamhelm. It's the only game there is and if you're not aware that it's the only game humans are playing, then you're just a pawn in the chess game of Faileas".\
"How come I have never seen you in my Imaginings before?" asked Lucy suddenly.\
"You can only meet up with others once you are on the launch pad and have made a connection already in the realm of Time first. Very rarely can you meet someone in The Dreamhelm and then manifest them outside...very rarely. My mum always told me that if you do Imagine the person first in The Helm and meet them there first, that person will be profoundly significant for you in all worlds in the most magical way".\
Lucy fell silent once more trying to understand all that she was hearing.\
\
"Alright, ready?" asked Hero.\
Lucy nodded.\
"Hold my hand and whatever you do, don't let go!" said Hero in a super serious voice.\
Both girls closed their eyes and calmed the mind that hosted the chatterbox voice. When silence prevailed and the realm of Time ceased to exist, like all good Imaginers, the girls found The Doorways open for them to enter The Dreamhelm. \
Hero was the first to become conscious of her arrival in The Helm and she immediately looked around to see if Lucy had arrived also, but there was no sign of her at all. Where was she? Had Lucy been taken by Shapers while crossing The Chasm? Hero suddenly felt panic rise up inside, until she saw a figure coming to her feet just behind her; it was Lucy.\
"What happened to you?" asked Hero\
"I'm not sure" said Lucy, "I felt myself move over The Chasm, but something was trying to pull me down, like a force field".\
"That's The Shapers trying to drag you in. I thought something bad must have been happening, the delay is not usually that long. Are you OK though?"\
"Yes,I think so, just a little shaken I guess. I felt this hand reach down and lift me up", said Lucy quietly as she stared off for a moment.\
"Did he have a hooded white robe with a gold cross on it?"asked Hero\
"Yes, his face was hidden though and he was on a horse that was like a ghost, I could see all the way through it. The man lifted me up and threw me on the back of the horse and rode me to safety. It happened last time I was here, but this time it was quite amazing really", said Lucy.\
"That was a Thresholder, you're lucky', said Hero.\
\
Both girls turned around to face their next challenge.\
"Now, this is the tricky part, getting to The Manifestation Tower without The Shapers getting you first. What's your specialty?" asked Hero suddenly.\
"What do you mean?" asked Lucy, confused by the question.\
"What is your greatest skill, you know what I mean, your talent?" asked Hero with slight impatience.\
Lucy thought hard for a moment and really had no idea, she had never really thought about it, she actually tried very hard to not think about herself too much at all if she could help it. Hero saw her struggling for an answer,\
"Surely there is something that you're good at? said Hero.\
"Well", she said after a pause, "I'm good at making things happen by just thinking about them in a certain way I guess.\
"Can you use your 
\f3\i certain way 
\f2\i0 to think about how you can get to The Manifestation Tower as quickly as possible then, without The Dreamshapers grabbing you!" Hero asked.\
"I guess so" said Lucy.\
She closed her eyes and imagined herself as a silver wild horse, unstoppable and as fast as light. She imagined her legs to be shaped in the strength and agility of an outback Brumby, running free with his herd of renegade friends. She imagined her arms to be the agile front legs driving her form forward over all obstacles. She imagined her body like a champion racehorse, the barrel made up of highly developed muscles that could power the whole animal into action and push her over the finishing line to The Tower.\
"Are you ready yet?" asked Hero after giving Lucy a moment.\
"Yes, I am now", said Lucy opening her eyes.\
"Do you believe what you've imagined?" asked Hero\
"Yes, yes I do" said Lucy with firmness.\
"Good, then we're ready" said Hero. \
They stood together and focused on The Manifestation Tower that shone like a supernova in the distance. They both took a breath and Hero shouted,\
"LET'S GO!"\
Hero took off like a ball from a cannon and darted from left to right, jumping off ridges and almost becoming completely invisible from such velocity. The Dreamshapers had seen them on the launch pad and had quickly organised themselves together for pursuit. Thankfully Hero had been practising her stunts off every possible surface and building structure back in the realm of Time, so her deftness was at its peak on this night in The Dreamhelm.\
Lucy watched The Dreamshapers pursue Hero with such an unrelenting ferocity, that she felt afraid that she would not be as successful as her new friend in making it to The Tower without capture. This was not the time however for self-doubt though and she mustered up her greatest capacity for hope and became the horse she had imagined herself to be. She galloped with single intention and focus on the light emanating form The Tower and did not deviate from a straight path until she was suddenly surrounded on all sides by Dreamshapers, their twisted forms reaching for her out of the darkness of their clothes. She saw their faces for the first time like poisoned flesh shaped into faces that were once human, their chorus of voices whispering and torturing her with thoughts of self-doubt, fear and defeat. Never before had Lucy been so afraid, so unbearably afraid. \
\
Lucy tried to out run them as the perfect equine vehicle that she had imagined for herself, but her experience was not that of her friend Hero and she had no idea that to her left was the darkest of all The Shapers, Balgair. He had been discreetly sitting next to Lucy's left shoulder, saying nothing and making his movements in line with hers to place himself in the perfect position to grab her with one movement, which he did, before she was even aware of his presence.\
Hero turned to see her friend taken into the clutches of the tormentor Balgair and her voice released a sound that she had never heard from herself before "NOOOOOOOOOooooooooo!" she screamed full throttle.\
The Dreamshapers reversed their pursuit now that they had taken a trophy to present to their King; Faileas The Shadowmaker. They all closed ranks around their prisoner and made their way with swift movements on the back of stealth black horses that Balgair had conjured up from his mind to escape. Hero pursued them, but they had gained a momentum and had outrun her on their way to The Black Marshlands. The moment she saw them enter the gates of The Marshlands, she knew it was too late and she fell to her knees wailing. \
"I can't believe it!" she sobbed uncontrollably. "I can't believe it!"\
She cried out of shock, fear and not knowing how she was going to tell Dana what had happened. After all, no one had given her permission to take Lucy into The Dreamhelm at such a critical time in the war in the world of Imaginers. As Hero knelt, motionless, she saw a herd of Imaginal horses ride hard for the gates of the Black Marshlands, only a hairs breath from the tail of The Dreamshapers. They all pulled up short of the gates however, as none amongst them dared enter The Dark Marshlands, a black hole of all that lay hidden from oneself in the form of lies, trickery and manipulation. They waited there frozen by defeat when, with a sudden flurry of action, a delayed Imaginal horse carrying the ultimate Thresholder careered forward from the back of the Protectors of The Helm and over the gates of The Black Marshlands into the belly of The Darkness. It was the one whose heart could not be matched for bravery, it was Catcher. The other Thresholders could only look on in awe as they watched him glide over the gates and pursue a quick course to save the stolen Imaginer, gasping in unison at his agility and fearlessness as the eldest of the brotherhood whispered, \
"
\f3\i Asarla\'ed
\f2\i0  - It's The Sorcerer".\
\
Catcher rode with a determination and speed that in such darkness, it made him appear as if a comet had set forth across the Marshlands. He gained distance on the Dreamshapers who had not suspected his arrival, thinking they had out run all The Thresholders. Catcher knew that he had no room for failure in his attempt to retrieve Lucy, so he had to choose the right moment. So he waited in the shadows as The Shapers set Lucy down and circled her to begin their manipulation on her mind, in preparation for her to meet Faileas.  \
Four Shapers held her down with knotted and gnarled fingers, while the others whispered and spoke in a spiralling chorus of lies and notions of self-doubt, each taking their turn to add their own ingredient to help diminish her self-belief. Lucy cried out in anguish and writhed to break free of her tormentors and end this mental torture. Catcher felt a knife go through his heart watching Lucy suffer in such a way and he knew he had to act soon, before they broke her and made her mind weak enough for Faileas to steal her soul.\
Catcher closed his eyes, stilling his mind. In the face of such an emergency, it was no easy task, but something he trained himself to do in his many hours alone in the bush. He imagined his entire body to be one in the same as the source of all light and he imagined it so clearly that he no longer believed that he was even separate from it and his entire being filled with the most profound love. When that feeling of unparalleled power overcame him, he stood up and walked calmly into the army of Dreamshapers. The Shapers didn't see him coming, but when they came to awareness of his presence, his light knocked them back 100 metres from Lucy. Balgair tried to resist and held tight to Lucy's arm, but the light and love coming form The Thresholder was too much for Blagair and he groaned from the pain of such an immense force piercing his body. He stumbled away, recoiling and eventually making it back to his feet, he joined the other Dreamshapers who were fleeing into the comfort of the darkness of The Black Marshlands.\
\
Catcher circled the area to reassure himself that there would be no other hidden attacks and then fell to his knees to the side of Lucy who lay unconscious and motionless. He scooped her up and place her upon his horse, holding her in front of him as he rode her quickly, but with a little more ease out of the domain of The Shadowmaker. As she emerged and Hero saw that he had an unconscious Lucy with him, she had never been so completely relieved and frightened at the same time. He now rode with unprecedented determination directly for the Manifestation Tower and did not stop until he was safely through the front entrance of the magnificent building. Hero arrived there shortly afterwards through her own steam and saw an expression so grave on the face of Catcher as he carried Lucy to The Temple of Healing, that she wondered if he feared her ability to recover. \
\
Catcher ascended the giant staircase with the help of a wing-footed friend, much older than Hero's NIKE boy and was immediately taken to the The Temple of Healing, a whole separate wing of The Manifestation Tower and architecturally one of the more beautiful parts of the building.\
Constructed almost entirely of marble, the entrance was a complete replica of an ancient bathhouse from the far east with steps descending into a pool of water, believed to have miraculous healing qualities. A ceiling, as high as a sky scraper crowned the room in the shape of a dome painted in Lapis Lazuli blue. Golden stars fell down like a continuous shower into the pool of water, filling it with the mysterious elixir that fostered physical transformation. Brilliantly crafted statues of famous healers from the beginning of Time surrounded the pool, positioned disparately between grand Pillars and Jasmine vines.\
\
Catcher arrived carrying Lucy into the temple and taking his white hooded cloak off and laying it on the ground, he placed her  on it gently beside the pool. He again closed his eyes and stilled his mind to imagine himself in complete alignment with the source of all light, love and healing. He waited until he no longer saw or felt himself separate from this source and then placed his hand on Lucy's forehead, whispering words that were not audible enough to be understood.\
Hero entered at this moment and she knelt down just near Catcher, feeling deep privilege to see him in action using his famed and yet mysterious skills as a healer. As she watched him, she saw him become luminous and he no longer took the form of a man, just a source of the most beautiful warm light. The light from Catcher sucked out all the blackness instilled in Lucy during the short time she was under the evil sway of The Deamshapers. Hero had never before seen how it was that Catcher was able to save Imaginers and she was filled with the deepest awe by what she was seeing, as Catcher brought Lucy around again into a state of consciousness and full recovery. One thing Hero knew for sure was that anyone who had access to such incredible power had to be not only an exceptionally gifted Imaginer, but an extraordinary human being.\
\
As Lucy became more alert and upright, Hero rushed over to her and hugged her.\
"Thank heavens you are OK! I don't know what I would have done if they broke you\'85"\
"And how many different shades of trouble you'd be in if 
\f3\i anything
\f2\i0  had happened to her Hero", Catcher chastised. "What were you thinking bringing her into The Helm the way things are at the moment, without telling anyone 
\f3\i and
\f2\i0  completely unprotected besides that?" \
Catcher had never spoken to Hero in such a way in his life and because of this, Hero had never felt so bad.\
"I'm sorry, I was just excited to travel with her through The Helm, I just didn't think this would happen", she said meekly.\
"What 
\f3\i has
\f2\i0  happened?" asked Lucy still feeling drowsy and disoriented.\
"You were taken by Dreamshapers into the Black Marshlands. They tried to shape your mind to weaken you for soul theft" said Catcher matter-of-factly. "I can't be sure that they knew exactly who you were or your importance, but you must never, i repeat 
\f3\i never, 
\f2\i0 enter this place without protection and without telling us first. It's just not safe enough for you".\
"Why do they want me so much? What do you mean my importance? I'm nobody special?" said Lucy.\
"I can't answer that right now" said Catcher as he suddenly stood up and pulled on his hooded cape, fastening it at the throat. Lucy noticed that the clasp on his cape had the same symbol on it that she had seen as a doodle on Mr Littlemore's shoe at Rosebank, a simple drawing outline of a sword piercing a black heart with a crown above. Lucy felt a tingle of excitement go up her spine at the coincidence.\
"What does that symbol mean, the one on your cloak?" she asked Catcher.\
Catcher touched the clasp with his long fingers, "It's the symbol of The Thresholder. The sword represents the light force that drives out the darkness in the hearts of fallen Imaginers, the crown is the symbol for the noble Imaginer. Anyway, now that you two have had more than enough excitement in The Helm, we should get you to the launchpad and back to safety".\
\
Without argument, the two girls left the Temple of Healing with Catcher and made their way to the exit of The Manifestation Tower. Once they were all outside, Lucy and Hero climbed on the back of Catcher's ghost horse and he rode them with great speed to the launchpad. The girls prepared themselves to return, but before they did, Lucy turned to Catcher and looked him directly in the face, smiling at his kind eyes, "Thank you Catcher\'85for saving me".\
Catcher smiled back, "It's why I'm here".\
Both girls imagined themselves returning and as they did, Catcher\
did not leave their side until he knew with certainty that they had both made it safely over The Chasm, back into the realm of Time.\
\
  \
\
\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\sl336\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f3\i \cf0 Chapter Fifteen \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\sl336\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0 \cf0 \
\

\f1\i0 THE SHADOWMAKER\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\sl336\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f2 \cf0 Distant glacial mountains enclosed crystal clear lakes and were surrounded by lush greenery reaching as far as the eye could see in a seemingly endless landscape that was The Dreamhelm. Upon arriving in such paradisiacal splendour, one could easily assume that nothing bad could occur in such a place. However, hidden in the furthest reaches in this realm of blissful beauty was a darkness so malevolent, so insidious and nefarious that it had burned away all in it's path and replaced it with a wasteland of hopelessness.\
It was for this reason that the Black Marshlands were feared by all Imaginers in the Dreamhelm. The landscape itself embodying despair, was as if an atomic bomb had been set off and had ripped out all things that once pulsed with life-force from the ground up. Just a bunch of disparate burnt tree stumps littered a desert of cracked, dry earth and surrounding such a desolate scene was a swamp of thick, black muddied water.\
It was in this hideous, lightless realm that a most incongruous structure tore up from the ground. A metropolis made up of such an unknown, alien material that it seemed to belong to another time still to come. At the centre of the city was an enormous tower that reached almost to the sky and looked down upon the other high rises like a power hungry boss, it's stream-lined reflective exterior mirroring back the soullessness of the entire cityscape. The Tower was the most foreboding structure ever seen by any Imaginer who entered the Marshlands either by mistake or by capture, as they all knew that at the very top lived the darkest Imaginer of all in The Dreamhelm; Faileas - The Shadowmaker.\
\
Faileas spent his hours walking the floors of the enormous open plan warehouse of the tower, a darkened space punctuated \
intermittently with artificial light. Faileas despised all light sources except those that he had dreamt up for himself and liked to keep his space free and unencumbered by objects and furniture that were not essential. With the absence of any small details, the interior itself looked more like the lobby of a World Bank than a place of residence, appearing as if all surfaces had been painted with the same generic soulless brush. \
Faileas shunned sleep, lest he find himself vulnerable at the hands of Thresholders or The Lightbearer herself. He spent his hours scouring The realm of Time with his mind, looking for her, the one who was to undo him, the one who had been predicted. His hunger to outsmart his own extinction had led him into a self-made prison, an environment so controlled, so feared by others and so remote, that he knew if a single Imaginer dared enter his realm, that their fear would consume them first before he did. His obsession with maintaining his position had led him to renounce all that was sacred to a human being, no less an Imaginer.\
\
Faileas however, had once traversed The realm of Time and The Dreamhelm like any Imaginer and was known then by his birth name, Elysian Wilde. He was one of the most gifted Imaginers in The Helm and loved by all within and Elysian had been given everything, all the talents that can come from the benevolent light source. He possessed the talents that make some folk seem as if their passage in life was blessed by something greater; courage, humour, agility, intelligence and a beauty so immense, he was as if a god. \
His ability to Imagine and manifest anything instantaneously in the Realm of Time, gave him a reputation for being something of a magician, gathering to himself many disciples wanting to bask in the immense power of his genuine ability to shape the world as he saw fit. His more subtle and yet extraordinary talent was his ability to make each person he met feel as if they were the centre of the universe. Many spoke of feeling so understood and listened to for the first time, that they found themselves confessing their deepest desires, their darkest secrets to him, without the slightest fear of judgement. People travelled to find him in The Helm and in the Realm of Time to receive his insight, his guidance, his calm and seemingly generous capacity to absorb their problems and return from reading their depths with answers to help them.\
\
Elysian was aware of his innate gifts and because of this felt a sense of superiority at having such arcane knowledge at his fingertips. He had learned early in his life how to conjure something out of nothing through the power of harnessing one's deepest desires, self will and self-discipline. One of his earliest realisations as a child was this: \
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\sl336\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f3\i \cf0 Starting with nothing meant that you would one day have everything, but only if you would give blood for your desire and exercise self-discipline to carry it through
\f2\i0 .  \
\
Elysian knew that he was destined for greatness because he had something special within, something that superseded his first awareness that he could Imagine, unlike many of his school peers in the underprivileged town of his childhood. His father had left he and his mother when he was four years old and this abandonment had fuelled his burning desire to one day surpass his father and see himself bigger and better than he. He had expanded his vision of his father's power into mythological proportions and all of his actions were forever motivated by the urge to out-grow his father's stronghold on his sense of worth. \
By the time Elysian was 10, he was supporting he and his mother and with the help of his profoundly focused Imaginings, he taught himself how to play the violin, read people's futures, sing, dance, tumble like a circus acrobat and perform astonishing magic tricks. Crowds began to gather around this multi-faceted prodigy and when he had reached the age of 12, he was packing amphitheatres with his progressive performances of highly evolved music making, singing like an angel in 5 different languages and telling people their future while walking on his hands.\
Money was thrown at him as if it were confetti and at 15, Elysian had moved both his mother and he out of the ghettos in Belfast, Ireland into a palatial mansion in London's exclusive Kensington. He was famous, adored and had the world eating out of the palm of his hand. He could not put a foot wrong and if, like all teenagers he did step out of line, it was immediately brushed aside and excused in the face of his enormous celebrity. \
\
After several years of making the most of his acquired privileged life; a life of parties, world travel, and immediate access into any life experience he desired, he began to grow restless. At the age of 21, he realised that he no longer had to do anything at all for people to still throw money at him and be adored, they were all just happy to bask in his aura.\
Elysian however, had grown weary of the adulation, the parties and every whim being met with no argument. He was deeply unsatisfied and quietly despised those who gathered around him with sycophantic loyalty. He wanted to meet someone bigger than he was, someone to challenge him, inspire him, but he knew not who that person could be. Until one day it dawned on him suddenly that the person he sought, was the one person who had not gathered around him, had not adored him and had indeed rejected him. After much Imagining and extensive research in the Dreamhelm, Elysian had finally discovered the whereabouts of his forgotten father and quickly climbed into one of his many expensive collectible vehicles to make the journey to meet Lotharius Wilde. \
\
Elysian arrived at the towering work place of his father and waited outside to compose himself in the face of all that welled up now inside him. The melting pot of anger, sadness and bitterness gathered in his throat and made him gasp for air. He climbed out of the vehicle and there he stood, unarmed with any emotional protection to face the consequences either way of this fateful meeting. Would he be loved or would he be rejected again? A short walk into the building and up to the floor of his father's chambers would reveal it soon enough.\
He walked with measured steps up flights of stairs, until he stood before a closed, foreboding, wooden door with the words:\
\
                                        \ul JUDGE LOTHARIUS WILDE\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\sl336\slmult1\pardirnatural
\cf0 \ulnone                       \
                                          For 
\f3\i all 
\f2\i0 enquiries\
                                     Please make an appointment\
                                          at the front desk\
\
He stared at the name for a few moments and felt a sense of the magnitude of the moment before him. He hadn't made an appointment to see his father, having always relied on his celebrity to make his way through closed doors he just turned to the secretary and announced that he was the son of Lotharius Wilde and he was there to see him. The secretary, unable to close her mouth for several moments when she saw who stood before her, made a shaky phone call through to the Judge.\
After a significant pause, she put the phone down with trepidation as she imparted to Elysian his father's response;\
\
"I'm sorry Mr Wilde, Judge Wilde has stated that subject to his availability, could you please make an appointment for the next month, as the current month is completely booked out".\
\
Elysian felt the shock of this latest rejection course through his body like a lead injection. 
\f3\i He doesn't even even want to SEE me, after all these years, doesn't want to know me, can't even open the door to look at my face! 
\f2\i0 he thought with anger
\f3\i . 
\f2\i0 The room contracted and expanded all at once as if to mirror his inward chaos. He felt himself go dizzy and ready to pass out, so he ran from the room and headed to the nearest restroom, splashing water on his face in desperate hope that it would wash away the truth of the moment. He finally looked up and saw his face for the first time in a new way. He saw himself broken, vulnerable and at the mercy of deep feelings of despair at being cast aside again. There he now stood, once more feeling of no consequence to the only person in the world he had wanted to love him. \
He looked at his reflection and saw the face of a boy well beyond his 21 years, the journey he had taken thus far etched onto his face and now this final rejection from his father, robbing it of the last hint of innocence. A shadow swept over his features as he suddenly felt consumed by an unprecedented darkness that for a moment frightened him. The darkness held all of his anger, his resentment, the bitterness, the deep loneliness and above all the core belief that somewhere, he was fundamentally flawed and only his father could see it. \
He felt for the first time, the full force of the absence of love making him fall to the ground, clutching his stomach as if he had been hit by an oncoming truck. He wept tears for a long time, until he had nothing left to give. Then a silence fell across him out of exhaustion, as he lay there motionless on the floor of the restroom staring at the emptiness he felt within, etch itself on the opposite wall. He then sensed the shadow of darkness around him once more and at that very moment, he realised that there was a strange comfort in giving in to it.\
That moment of surrender was all the shadow of darkness needed to enter the vulnerable epicentre of Elysian and begin it's campaign of lies and promises of eternal power over weakness and immortality as a reward for loyalty. Elysian suddenly felt a surge of survival return, a willingness to live in order to wipe out any hope that love was real in himself first and then over time, in the hearts of all of humanity. He stood up and looked again at himself in the mirror, this time feeling much stronger. 
\f3\i Love is a myth, a false promise sold to us to only make us weak and despise ourselves and rely on others for nothing but disappointment, 
\f2\i0 thought Elysian. \
Never before had he felt such conviction, such a fervour of belief and at that moment, Elysian decided he would not rest until he shared this truth with every living soul in the realm of time and in The Dreamhelm. He would no longer call himself Elysian Wilde, nothing to link him back to the man he now despised. Remembering an old Gaelic folk tale he had heard about as a child that spoke of a Shadow man, the town lived in fear of called Faileas, he smiled to himself suddenly 
\f3\i No
\f2\i0 , he thought, 
\f3\i I shall now walk through all time as Faileas and I shall be known and feared in every realm as The Shadowmaker
\f2\i0 . With that decision, a young man walked out of the restroom and into a destiny where driving out hope in the mind and souls of all humanity would become his obsession. \
\
\
\
                                                   \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\sl336\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f3\i \cf0 Chapter Sixteen \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\sl336\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0 \cf0 \
   \

\f1\i0 Lucy's discovery\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\sl336\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f2 \cf0 \
A week had passed since Lucy's harrowing encounter with The Dreamshapers. Although she had recovered significantly since Catcher's healing from the attempted mind shaping, she had been plagued by terrible nightmares as a consequence. Always the same dream; the hands of Balgair gripping her ankles as she tried to flee from his grasp, only to be dragged into The Marshlands and handed over to The Shadowmaker. The dream always ended just before she turned to see the face of Faileas and the same feeling of an unprecedented fear consumed her upon waking. So it was again that morning, as she woke up feverishly, the sound of her scream from the nightmare puncturing the silence of her darkened bedroom.\
\
Jess was fast asleep at the end of her bed, but woke up instantly as he heard Lucy try to tiptoe past him. She ruffled his fur and kissed his nose, "I'm sorry Jess, I didn't mean to wake you my friend. Let's go downstairs and share a sandwich. Come on!"\
Jess made a little squeal at the thought of a midnight snack and he promptly followed Lucy down to the kitchen.\
As Lucy busied herself making her favourite combination of Vegemite and melted cheese on toast for her and Jesse, she realised that she was still not any closer to finding out why the Dreamshapers would want her so badly. Although it was great to finally be a part of such an amazing bunch of like-minded friends like Hero and Catcher, Lucy was starting to get frustrated by all the secrecy surrounding herself. 
\f3\i What's the big deal about me?
\f2\i0  she thought.\
\
As Lucy and Jesse tucked into their sandwiches, a sound in the corridor made Lucy jump, knowing full well that her parents would not approve of her being out of bed at such an hour. It was however only Emily and although she knew that she would be scolded for being up and about and eating a sandwich, Lucy still preferred her light discipline to her mother's disapproval and lengthy monologues on appropriate behaviour.\
"Lucy, what in the world are you doing awake? Do you want your parents to find you out of bed? You know that they will take away your special privileges if they find you", Emily whispered anxiously, as she tried to bustle her back upstairs. Unfortunately Gloria Barker had heard the noise downstairs and was up in her Ming Dynasty dressing gown with a well rehearsed frown on her brow.\
She stood in the doorway, blocking their escape and after she took in a loud, disapproving breath, she went to town on them both in her highly pronounced speech, "Is there a 
\f3\i reason
\f2\i0  Emily, that I find not just you, but my daughter as well, out of bed at 2am and 
\f3\i stuffing
\f2\i0  her face no less outside of meal time?" Gloria articulated each word concisely so as not to be misunderstood as to who was running the show at The Barker residence.\
"Um, Yes ma'am. Lucy has been having a few restless nights and i thought she could do with something to help her to sleep" said Emily meekly.\
"Go upstairs Lucy and get into bed 
\f3\i immediately
\f2\i0 !", said Gloria sternly. Lucy turned and rushed out of sight to the stairs, but stopped on the stairwell when she heard her mother and Emily's talk become hostile.\
"Can I remind you Emily who is the boss here. I decide. Me. I have given you strict orders about her bed time and I expect them to be followed".\
"Yes Ma'am", Emily repeated, head down.\
"I do hope you listen Emily, otherwise we will have no other option but to let you go", said Gloria with a harsh tone.\
Emily looked up with a face of deep concern. She had been taken over the coals by Gloria many a time since she had arrived 12 years ago, usually when Gloria was feeling insecure about her authority, but never had she threatened to let her go.\
"Excuse me Ma'am, but who would take care of Lucy?"\
Gloria scoffed, "Why we would send Lucy away to boarding school of course" she said, as if such a thing was perfectly obvious.\
Lucy gasped as she huddled on the stairs holding Jesse. 
\f3\i Boarding School! No way! Then she would never get to see her fellow Imaginers.
\f2\i0 \
Emily was furious about Gloria's words and immediately jumped to a defensive stance on behalf of Lucy.\
"If you don't mind me saying Ma'am, if you never want to see your daughter, why did you bother having her in the first place?"\
"I should fire you right now for your impertinence Emily Craven" raged Gloria.\
"You're only angry, because you know that it is true" said Emily, her voice uncommonly angry 'You're never around and when you are, you have no time for her at all. I just don't understand why you even bothered".\
The two women stared at each other, for the first time showing their dislike for each other.\
\
Gloria smiled a strangely smug smile before saying, \
"You know Emily, I never had thought about children as I have always been so incredibly busy with the business, but when i decided I wanted a child, it became an obsession. I was always going to have a child, because I always get what i want and that is the power of money Emily. It became obvious that I wasn't able to have my own child, so I found a way to buy one and only one, as one is all I want, one is plenty". \
Emily stood silent, shocked as Gloria continued, "But, not a single person told me what a whole lot of horrible work the whole parenting thing is though, so thank goodness money can buy help too." \
Gloria adjusted her dressing gown as she spoke with a profound sense of self triumph, a woman who had it all with the wave of a credit card.\
Emily was motionless at the coldness of Gloria, while Lucy had lost the power to breathe, stumbling back on the stairs after hearing the revelation of her true origins. She pulled herself up the stairs into her room, where she flung herself across the bed and sobbed until her heart felt sure to split completely. Never before had she felt so alone, so completely and utterly without an anchor.\
"She 
\f3\i bought
\f2\i0  me?", Lucy whispered to herself.\
\
Back downstairs and after a long pause of trying to come to terms with what she had just heard, an incredulous Emily asked,\
"You 
\f3\i bought
\f2\i0  your daughter? You 
\f3\i bought Lucy
\f2\i0 ?" \
"Yes", said Gloria matter-of-factly, "It was a private deal, with a woman anxious to be rid of her two babies".\
"TWO?"asked Emily, almost shouting.\
"Yes, twins", said Gloria.\
"She wanted to separate them? Lucy has a twin?" asked Emily, her heart breaking at the thought of it.\
"Yes, she does and No, she didn't 
\f3\i want
\f2\i0  to separate them, not at all in fact. But I had absolutely no desire for two children and a BOY at that, no, no, boys are just too much energy, too noisy. Besides, she insisted on a deal with no paperwork involved and I was glad to not have to go through all of that bothersome process too. She was pretty clear about avoiding any bureaucracy, so in the end she had to give in to my demand for just one".\
"Where is the other child now?" asked Emily, who was now completely sick to her stomach.\
"I have no idea, I can't be worried about that. The last thing I need in my life is for Lucy to be snooping around for a brother who would't even know she exists. If she does, I will know EXACTLY who told her and how to deal with it. Do I make myself clear Emily?" asked Gloria with an emotionless tone.\
Emily said nothing for a moment and then through gritted teeth said "Yes\'85Ma'am".\
"Now go to bed and stop this midnight eating nonsense thank you" Gloria said as she turned and breezed up the stairs, walking past the closed door of a child quietly sobbing and unaware that her deepest wish was in fact a reality. Somewhere, out under the same night sky as Lucy, there was a brother asleep in his own bed, with his own family and like Lucy, unaware that his other half even existed. \
\
The next morning Lucy could only be pulled from her bed by Emily if there was an absolute guarantee that her mother and father had left the house for the Showroom. How would she ever be able to look her mother in the eye again after all she had heard the night before? Should she speak with Emily about how she was feeling? Lucy couldn't even tell 
\f3\i herself 
\f2\i0 how she was feeling. All she knew was that it was as if someone had just dug a hole the size of The Grand Canyon in the middle of her chest and had made no immediate plans to fill it up again. She made her way down to the table where Emily had made her favourite breakfast of Eggs Benedict Lucy noted, no doubt to compensate for the fact that 
\f3\i I don't even belong here.
\f2\i0 \
Emily looked over at Lucy with a mix of sadness and warmth. Lucy mustered a smile only because at that moment, Emily was the only person in the world whom she felt deserved it and then after a pause she said, "It's OK Emily, I heard what my mum said, I was sitting on the stairs when she told me to go to bed".\
Emily gasped "Oh no Lucy! Oh my goodness, my poor darling. I didn't want you to ever know any of that".\
Emily held Lucy close to her and they both cried as Emily stroked her hair whispering "I am here for you my sweet, I will always be here for you my darling Lucy".\
After Lucy felt she had spent every last drop of water from the tear bank, Emily handed her a beautifully embroidered handkerchief and she dried her nose and eyes. \
"Why did she not tell me that I was adopted?" asked Lucy suddenly, "I have a right to know 
\f3\i that
\f2\i0 !"
\f3\i \

\f2\i0 "Of course you do my dear girl", said Emily as she went over in her head the horrible way that GLoria had revealed her secret the night before".\
"I wonder who my real mother is then and why she didn't want me either?" asked Lucy slipping into a well carved out rejection groove, a space in herself so awful and yet so familiar.\
"She must have had her reasons Lucy. You must never judge anyone until you hear their side of the story", said Emily seriously.\
"I just keep going over those words in my head", said Lucy staring off, "you know, when she said that she couldn't have a baby so she just 
\f3\i bought 
\f2\i0 one, like I was some kind of doll at a shop and her big disappointment was what a whole lot of work it was to have me. I just couldn't hear anymore, I just ran to my room and cried all night".\
Emily looked up with a slight feeling of hope that perhaps Lucy had not heard the rest of the conversation she had with Gloria, that perhaps she was unaware that somewhere out there, she had a twin brother.\
"Do you mean you didn't hear the rest of the conversation?" Emily asked tentatively.\
"I went to bed after I heard that, why what else did she have to say? She tried to send me back when she found out 
\f3\i what a lot of work I was
\f2\i0 ?"\
Emily was filled with a sudden relief, there was no need to make Lucy suffer anymore over something she couldn't solve, such as finding a missing brother, so Emily decided to try and help her deal with what she could fix. \
"Well if you had of stayed around, you would have heard your mum say how much she loved you and how proud she is of who you are", Emily lied.\
Lucy stared at her nanny for a moment trying to figure out if she believed her, "She didn't say that. She wouldn't even think that. She doesn't care a thing about what I do. Besides, she doesn't love anything except the junk she collects, not that it really matters anymore, seeing that she isn't my mother".\
"Lucy, you can't say that. She IS your mother and she 
\f3\i does
\f2\i0  love you despite what you think".\
"Do you know what Emily?" Lucy asked suddenly\
"What?"\
"There is a silver lining in all this", she said with a strange smile on her face.\
"I'm so pleased that you're seeing it all in such a way Lucy. So what is the silver lining that you see?" asked Emily.\
"It means that the feeling that I've always felt, that I don't belong here, is in fact true and that I should trust my feelings and more importantly, it means that I actually belong somewhere else, with people who are my kind. Can I tell you how exciting that is?" Lucy rose up from her seat and began to pace the kitchen. Suddenly she was thrilled that she had a doorway opening up to lead her out of the lonely prison she called home and out of the social black hole that was Rosebank. "I belong somewhere else Emily. I knew it! I always knew it!"\
"No Lucy, you belong here. Have I not cared for you like a mother since you were born? Is that not enough for you?" said Emily sadly, as if her entire life purpose was dissolving before her eyes.\
Lucy put her head down in shame. Emily had been nothing short of a font of deep unconditional love and care to her since she could ever remember. She knew her words had come out insensitively.\
"I just mean Emily, I realise why I have never been able to fit in at school and with others my age. I have always felt like this whole other secret life exists that I belong to. It all seems to make sense now with knowing that I'm adopted and just meeting others who think as i do, but nobody can or 
\f3\i will
\f2\i0  replace you Emily".\
Emily took her hand and smiled, "Just don't do anything too radical Lucy. I know you're angry at your parents for concealing the truth, but try not to throw away all that you have going for you, just to prove a point. Whenever you feel backed into a corner, always try to use the limitation of space to find a new direction, create a new doorway out".\
Lucy let Emily's words wash over her and they resonated within. She smiled back at her Nanny, squeezing her hand in return,\
"Thanks Emily", she said, thinking how close to the truth Emily's words described the path Lucy had now chosen.\
\
\
\
                     \
                                                 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\sl336\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f3\i \cf0 Chapter Seventeen \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\sl336\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0 \cf0 \
                      \

\f1\i0 \
The roselake showdown
\f2 \
\
Now that Lucy had discovered her true background, the new sense of liberty had given her some kind of super human ability to no longer be fazed by the rigid environment she had grown up in. No longer bound psychologically by her parent's choices and believing that to be her fate as well, her mother's revelation had in fact delivered a gift; a secret door out to another way of life. Even The Roselake "Club" couldn't bother her in the way they had previously, not that her ambivalence had stopped them trying and in some instances, upping the anti. It seemed that the more Lucy removed herself from the social network at school, the more it angered Isabella and Courtney, their bullying escalating to an obsessional level. \
"Are you 
\f3\i really
\f2\i0  going to go outside for lunch today?" asked Bea of Lucy, recalling the week just passed and the lunch time antics of "The Club".\
"Why not? Let them. What else can they do? I've been ridiculed, mocked, laughed at, tormented\'85I'm still here aren't I?" said Lucy in a nonchalant tone.\
"Aren't you afraid?" asked Bea, who was actually more afraid herself. Her fear immobilised her whenever the bullying started and all she could do was watch. Bea couldn't bare conflict or the idea of anyone hating her, so on the fence she sat, if somewhat sheepishly. \
"I'm not afraid Bea. I'm not afraid of Isabella or Courtney, I just feel sorry for them. They must really want to be like me to be so threatened by me", said Lucy in a new voice of confidence that Bea had noticed in her friend, ever since she had met Hero.\
"I don't know Lucy, they seem to be getting more nasty as each day passes. Maybe you should go and tell Principal Jessop. It's getting out of hand now", said Bea with urgency.\
"What? Jessop? 
\f3\i She's
\f2\i0  probably their personal advisor on strategy! It's OK Bea, I can take care of myself".\
The lunchtime came and went without incident and both Lucy and Bea began to think that perhaps they had given up their campaign of terror. The thought put a lightness in their step and both girls ran through to Centennial Park on the way home so Lucy could finally show Bea the tree she sat under to enter The Dreamhelm. Today Lucy had promised Bea to show her how to Imagine and hopefully enter The Helm herself.\
Both girls fell to the ground under the tree, giggling and out-of-breath. "OK, This is it!" said Lucy breathlessly.\
"What do I need to do?" asked Bea, trying to compose herself. Any sort of athletic activity always took her far away from her basic principle of harmony.\
"Well, first you have to calm your breathing down and then close your eyes", said Lucy.\
"OK", Bea responded.\
"Don't speak, just still your mind. Stop thinking about anything. If you start to think about something, just let it happen and then let it go away. Don't resist it. Your thoughts will get exhausted by the lack of attention and will disappear. Once they do, The Doorways open and you'll enter The Dreamhelm. Just nod if you think you're there".\
Lucy waited and watched Bea scratch her leg, brush a fly away from her face and sneeze into a handkerchief.\
"You have to ignore all that Bea, if you want to enter The Helm that is. All those distractions; the itch, the fly, the sneeze, they are just the gatekeepers trying to test your worthiness, your sincerity and how much you want to enter into The Dreamhelm. Let them go. Don't let them be the reason you're not free", instructed Lucy.\
Bea opened an eye, "Free?"\
"Free to Dream, free to create the life you want Bea, not the life dreamt up for you by someone else" said Lucy, thinking of her life before she met Hero and the other Imaginers.\
So Lucy and Be a settled into a relaxed state, closing their eyes and slowing their breath, when not even 5 minutes later, Be a piped up "Nothing seems to be happening Lucy".\
"It's all in your mind Bea. You have to realise that you're in the driver's seat. Control your mind by letting go. It's easier than you think".\
"I'm just not 
\f3\i like
\f2\i0  you Lucy" she said, frustrated.\
"Look why don't you come up to The Blue Mountains with me this week-end. It's Winter Solstice and one of the most powerful times for an Imaginer apparently. Catcher, Hero and Gordon have invited me to a gathering of Imaginers at one of the great Doorways up there. Maybe you'll find it easier with the right atmosphere". said Lucy\
"When this week-end? I have to go to ballet on Saturday morning".\
"It's on Saturday night, we can head up together on the train after ballet" said Lucy.\
"My mum would never let me go up by myself or without an adult".\
"We will stay at Hero's house with her mum, Dana. Come one Bea, stop being so afraid. You wanted to hang out with Hero and me, yes?" asked Lucy.\
"Yes. Yes, I do!" she said quickly, "Where is The Doorway?" she asked.\
"Jenolan Caves. We will meet at Hero's and then head over at about 5pm. Catcher wants to show me something, so it should be pretty exciting. I can't wait for you to meet him, he is extraordinary, like a Magician" Lucy said with reverence.\
"I'll see what mum says. I mean I won't be able to tell her about being in a cave at night with a bunch of strangers who walk around with names like 
\f3\i Catcher
\f2\i0 . I can tell you from where I'm standing right now that the answer will be a super sonic NO!" said Bea with a slight edge of theatre.\
Lucy laughed, "You can be pretty funny sometimes Bea. Look you'll be in the safest of hands, I promise. You don't need to tell her the extended mix version of what you'll be doing, just that we will be going to Hero's and her mum's name is Dana". \
\
Before the girls could continue, they heard a familiar voice and suddenly a series of well-known eyes staring at them from every angle.\
"Well look girls what we have here. We have super freak trying to brainwash a poor unsuspecting girl and drag her into her freaky  life where she imagines that she has friends", said Isabella walking around like a ballet teacher with superior deportment and an attitude of disdain for her pupils.\
"I know Bella", Courtney piped up like an echo in a bad dream, "Poor Bea darling, what are you 
\f3\i doing
\f2\i0  with this girl in your life? You can do so much better for yourself".\
"That's right Bea", said Isabella, "We are just trying to help you not make dumb choices and ruin your life, isn't that right girls?" Isabella asked her disciples, all of them bleating a yes like sheep.\
Isabella squatted down to face Lucy, "You think that you're pretty special don't you? Just admit it Lucy. You  think  that  you  are  special, yes? Isabella slowed her speech to exaggerate the last question.\
Lucy said nothing.\
"Do you know what happens to people who think that they are special Lucy?" asked Isabella condescendingly.\
Lucy just stared through Isabella.\
"No answer? Hmm! Ok then. Courtney, can you 
\f3\i show
\f2\i0  Lucy what happens to people who think that they're special", said Isabella standing up and moving out of the way.\
"Of course Bella", said Courtney like a devoted army private.\
Courtney carried a container over to Lucy and tipped its contents over her head, the smell hitting the nostrils of all around and was like the most pungent sample of collective human waste mixed with an overriding scent of bad fish. Everyone covered their faces and ran away, all except Lucy who was on the ground gasping for air and Isabella, who had spun on her heel and was striding off, confident and victorious.\
Lucy jumped to her feet, filled with an unprecedented rage. She sprinted after Isabella and tackled her into the ground. Both girls wrestled, hit, pulled hair, ripped shirts and scratched until Bea pulled Lucy from Isabella and dragged her running through the trees and towards a fountain. There they both shook with shock at the incident and Bea cleaned the hideous mixture off Lucy, trying to hide from her the clumps of hair that fell effortlessly from her head in the process.\
"What WAS that stuff they threw on you? The smell is lodged in my brain forever now\'85Euw!" screamed Bea, on the cusp of an anxiety attack. Such violence was way, way outside of her comfort zone and just seeing Lucy so badly beaten was more than she could get a grip on.\
Lucy was so shaken, she could barely speak, but after a few moments she spoke up, "All I know is that a day will come and that girl will beg me for my friendship and my forgiveness".\
Bea looked at Lucy curiously, having never heard her speak that way or with that tone, "What do you mean?" she asked.\
"I'm not sure exactly, it's a feeling and I cannot wait for that day, that moment", Lucy said as she visualised a range of physical and verbal responses to the moment to come.\
Both girls finished up and parted ways for their respective homes, feeling traumatised. \
\
On the other side of the park, Isabella was frothing fury from her mouth about her plans for Lucy, as all her supporters listened and looked on in silence,\
"I can't believe that girl. She thinks that she really is something incredible. I am going to make her pay, 
\f3\i absolutely
\f2\i0  pay for what she did to my shirt and to me today. Did you hear that though? She's heading up to Jenolan Caves, 5pm this Saturday, no doubt to hang with more freaks like her. What do you think Courtney? Should we pay her a little visit up there this weekend?".\
"Absolutely Bella!" Courtney drawled\
"Yes Courtney" said Isabella, who was now standing above everyone on a rock, "I think a little trip to The Blue Mountains is in order. Whose in?" she asked suddenly. \
A few heads looked down, while others just mumbled some feeble excuses about sporting activities and family commitments they had organised for that weekend. Isabella knew that she could talk her sister into driving her up there, who was always looking for any excuse to use her new driver's licence and that Courtney would be allowed to come of course, being her best friend. By the sad response from her cohorts, it appeared to Isabella that it would be just her and Courtney anyway. Fine with her, she really only liked Courtney outside of school anyhow.\
"Looks like it's just you and me then", she said looking at her best friend.\
"5pm Saturday it is then Bella" and both girls smiled at each other.  \
\
Lucy spent the next two days trying to hide from her mother the bruise under her left eye and the scratches down her arms, not to mention the unexpected haircut that Bea had given her to even out the length of her hair after the fight. Thankfully Gloria Barker was completely fussed over the invitation to take the PRISCUS Aboriginal artefact collection abroad, so her mind was nowhere even slightly focused on Lucy, who had slipped under the radar.\
Her injuries from the fight only made her duck for cover at Roselake even more, as she headed to the Art room at lunchtime in an attempt to dodge curious eyes. Bea joined her and the two spent the rest of the week drawing and listening to music together, wondering why they had not thought to spend their break in such a way before. \
Not that she avoided "The Club" altogether, and although nothing physical had occurred, many a thunderous look had been exchanged with Isabella all through English, Art and Modern History. By Friday, Lucy was more over Roselake than ever, but finally free to go on her week-end away to The Blue Mountains with Bea, Hero and the rest of The Imaginers.\
\
The next day, Emily saw that Bea and Lucy made it safely onto the 8:45am express through to Lithgow, with two snack boxes filled with Emily's usual divine treats and home-made lemonade. Bea had never known herself to be this excited. She never really believed that she would be able to go away, but Emily phoned Bea's mum to reassure her that both girls would be perfectly safe and well supervised by Dana Livingstone, so before she knew it, she was standing at The train station, about to have her first away from home adventure with her best friend. The whole gathering of Imaginers in Jenolan Caves had been kept a secret well and truly, even from Emily, so both Lucy and Bea felt they were escaping from a crime scene like a couple of bandits as they waved good-bye to her that morning.\
\
The girls chatted the whole way up to The Blue Mountains about The Dreamhelm, with Lucy filling Bea in on all she knew thus far, from Faileas and his Dreamshapers to the Thresholder; Catcher and his extraordinary healing ability. Bea listened, nodding her head in awe and asking questions, but not quite comprehending it all entirely. She eagerly hoped for another opportunity to enter The Dreamhelm and share with Lucy this amazing adventure, but thoughts of doubt consumed her. What would happen if she was unable to Imagine? Would she be left behind, forgotten by Lucy and quickly replaced by Hero as her best friend? Bea began to feel anxious, so she focused on looking out at the passing trees and landscape as the train whizzed by and soon saw her own face looking back at her. She smiled at herself and saw her mirrored self smile back, so she whispered to this smiling self to help her as best as she could to be open to whatever took place on this Blue Mountains adventure. Bea had no idea what to expect, the only thing she was sure of was her own feelings of inadequacy in the realm of Imagining. All she hoped for was that those feelings would make way for a change in her view of things and be able to see the world more like her best friend whom she adored so much.\
Lucy interrupted Bea's self-depreciating thoughts with her version of  what had happened to her in The Dreamhelm with The Dreamshapers, Hero and Catcher. Just hearing her own voice retell the events of that night, made Lucy's skin tingle with a slight mixture of fear and yet excitement to go back into The Helm. Bea's eyes could not have become any wider and Lucy noted that she saw fear in her friend's eyes for the first time since she had revealed the secret world that she was a part of. \
Lucy marvelled at how quickly her life had changed since she met Hero that day on the rock and how much better for it she was, even if she was hunted by The Dreamshapers. She looked out the window, retracing all the conversations she'd had with Hero and Catcher since she realised she was an Imaginer. She was overwhelmed by all the information and yet she knew that there was so much more that she didn't know, but 
\f3\i wanted
\f2\i0  to know. All of this tied in with the sudden discovery that she was in fact adopted, had Lucy's head spinning like a top. Lucy had decided not to tell anyone, not even Bea about her background, not until she had a chance to find out her true origins first.\
\
As the train finally pulled into Blackheath station, Lucy saw Hero and Gordon on the platform ferociously playing competitive Hacky Sack. Just seeing the two of them made her feel a surge of joy at finally being back with her new friends. The moment they all spotted each other, there were hugs, laughter and introductions, with everybody talking over the top of each other all at once.The unlikely group of four walked the 12 blocks back to Hero's house, the excitement of the day ahead carrying them there before they could even start to feel tired.\
Dana opened the door and greeted them all in the hallway, as they entered one by one into a home that Lucy had always dreamed of. A rustic wooden Mountain home, surrounded by pine trees with a red door that opened into a warm and welcoming lounge room. Eclectic furnishings and unusual printed rugs from faraway places filled the room and curious objects that all seemed hand made adorned wooden shelves with countless books and records. An old gramophone was in the corner faintly playing a Charlie Parker 78", nurturing everyone as they entered and most importantly, there was a roaring open fire that warmed their seemingly frost bitten fingers within minutes. Lucy had never felt happier.\
\
"So who would like some homemade veggie burgers?" asked Dana of everyone.\
"If you've made them Dana, then I am so going to be saying yes please", Gordon piped up, while everyone else nodded enthusiastically.\
\
They all piled into the kitchen and talked about the evening ahead at Jenolan Caves, while Dana fixed everyone delicious burgers that temporarily silenced them all. After they were finished, Hero took her focus off Lucy for the first time and turned to Bea,\
"So I'm guessing that you're an Imaginer too, being Lucy's best friend and all?"\
Bea suddenly froze, realising that she could no longer pretend to the others that she had any talent in that area at all. She felt like a fraud who had hitched her star to someone else's wagon for a joy ride.\
"Who me?" she asked, trying to buy time to work out a good answer, but all she saw was the face of Gordon, Hero and Dana looking at her in anticipation of an answer.\
"Me? No. I've never done that. Lucy's told me all about it and I 
\f3\i believe
\f2\i0  her", she said hurriedly to reassure them all that she was there for a reason, that she 
\f3\i could
\f2\i0  become an Imaginer if given the right circumstance.\
Hero just smiled, "Oooh, a Sleeper! I can't wait until you enter the Dreamhelm for the first time. There is nothing more exciting than watching a Sleeper wake up for the first time, nothing!" She smacked Bea on the back with enthusiasm and got up from the table to clear the plates.\
The afternoon was spent playing on the trampoline out the back and talking incessantly about the possibilities of the evening ahead. By 3pm, everyone was ready to start packing together their warm clothes, food provisions and sleeping bags for extra warmth in The Caves and after much anticipation, they were all in Dana's LandRover and heading to the meeting of Imaginers at Jenolan Caves. \
Unbeknownst to them though, in a car about 20 minutes behind them was Isabella Villain, Courtney Steikham and Isabella's older sister Pamela, making their way towards Jenolan Caves also. Isabella had told her sister about the 
\f3\i absolute
\f2\i0  necessity to get even with a girl who had insulted her and her best friend and if she would help drive her to where she would be. \
"Of course Bella. What do you plan on doing to her?" asked Pamela with delight, revenge being her favourite thing ever.\
"Oh, we have some ideas Pammy, that's for sure. You can help us if you like" invited Isabella.\
"Can we get in massive trouble for it?" she asked.\
"Of course!" said Isabella.\
"Then absolutely!" said Pamela slyly, "Count me in!"   \
\
\
\
                                                          \
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\sl336\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f3\i \cf0 Chapter Eighteen\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\sl336\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f2\i0 \cf0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\sl336\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f1 \cf0                    \
\
Between the rocks of no time
\f2 \
\
The sun had finally come to settle down behind the Mountains in a way that made the dusk sky appear like a painted canvas of deep pink and blue. Dana's car came to a stop and they all alighted and stood in silence, just staring at the magnificent structure that was Jenolan Caves. The smell of roaring fires in every household nearby filled the air, immediately imbedding memories of the night to come in the minds of all four children. They stood at the entrance to The Caves and waited for Dana to guide them in and introduce them to the larger community of Imaginers who were all gathered around a roaring camp fire.\
As they entered, Lucy felt all eyes upon her and some even bowed before her, while others just took in her every gesture as if she was a being from a whole other planet. 
\f3\i Why do they look at me this way?
\f2\i0  she thought. Dana introduced Lucy not by name, but as 
\f3\i The One Foretold
\f2\i0 . Bea gasped and turned to Lucy and asked,\
"Foretold? What do they mean Lucy?"\
"I have no idea Bea, but I sure hope that tonight is the night that I find some answers" she said, more frustrated than ever.\
Lucy stood there as a queue of Imaginers came and shook her hand, some knelt before her kissing her feet, while one woman just stood before her and cried,\
"Please put an end to him, he destroyed my boy, there is no getting him back, he took the only one I love from me and made him his own. Only you can bring him back to me, only you!" she sobbed and embraced Lucy like a life raft, until Dana prised her off an overwhelmed Lucy and led her away to the comfort of hot chocolate.\
Lucy needed air and some time alone to process this extreme response to her very presence, not to mention the sudden change in social status. Never before had she felt so exposed, having always been so hidden from view, unseen, unloved. To suddenly be adored and revered for reasons that she had no idea of was to say the least, overwhelming. As she mused on who these people thought she was, she noticed Hero standing beside her, drinking with fervour from her cup of hot chocolate. \
"When Hero? When will I get some answers? Who AM I?" asked Lucy desperately.\
"Tonight my friend, Catcher will show you who you are. I'm not allowed to say more than that, except that by the end of the night, you will have your answer. I don't even really know myself exactly. No one has really said anything for certain to me" she said, putting her hand on Lucy's shoulder. \
Gordon came out and interrupted the girls to say that it was time to return to The Caves and prepare for the evening's proceedings.\
Both girls looked at one another, with excitement and fear for the unknown path ahead. They walked in and every Imaginer was sitting cross-legged around the fire with their eyes closed. A small separate group nearby began to play on large African-style drums a hypnotic rhythm, while Gordon drew out the most astonishing sounds from a didgeridoo. The sounds swirled in Lucy's head like no music had ever done before and she looked over at Bea, whose face bore an expression that Lucy had never seen before, like a child's wonder at seeing snow for the first time.\
After a while, the music grew softer and a voice spoke gently over the top. It was the distinctive deep sound of Catcher, who had suddenly appeared as if out of thin air and was seated humbly amongst the other Imaginers, rather than the raised rock platform where Lucy thought he would make his entrance.\
"Thank you friends for making the effort to come here tonight, some of you from very distant places, others for the first time". He smiled as he said this looking over at Bea, who had looked up suddenly and saw him looking at her, the kindness in his extraordinary blue eyes including her and making her feel welcome for the first time amongst strangers.\
"I've asked you all here to this sacred Doorway tonight to be a part of history and to celebrate that we may soon find ourselves liberated from the darkness that has overwhelmed all of us, Imaginers and Sleepers alike since the beginning of Time". \
Whispers and murmurs of excitement broke out amongst The Imaginers as they all quickly talked about the rumours that had begun and settled back into silence when Catcher spoke once more.\
\
"Tonight I will enter the Dreamhelm with the young girl we believe to be 
\f3\i The One who has been foretold
\f2\i0  and take her to see 
\f3\i The Revealer. 
\f2\i0 If she is indeed who we think she is, then my friends we have much to be joyous about, but much to vigilant about also."\
\
Catcher paused and made eye contact with all present at the gathering as his secret eye scanned for any 
\f3\i Shifters
\f2\i0 ; those who pretend they walk in the light, but in secret walk for Faileas. His eye fell on a young boy around Hero and Lucy's age and Catcher could not be sure entirely of the boy's allegiance. There was a slight trace on him that had it's roots in the realm of The Black Marshlands, that only he could know of. He waited until the boy looked up and Catcher felt a bolt of recognition momentarily, as if the eyes of Lucia Noble were boring through him. \
"What is your name friend?" he asked the boy softly.\
The boy looked directly at Catcher, unnerved by the sudden spotlight, "My name is Dominic Navarro" he said with supreme confidence unexpected for a boy so young.\
"Who are you here with?" Catcher asked, deeply intrigued by this boy's manner.\
"I came alone" he said matter-of-factly.\
"Do your parents know you're here?" asked Catcher, his concern rising.\
"My mother is dead and my father couldn't care less where I am. It's OK, really. I've taken care of myself pretty much since I was 8 years old anyway".\
Catcher looked at him as if trying to figure him out, wanting to not believe him, but somehow also seeing himself in him and knowing that what he said was true. There was however something about this boy that unsettled Catcher, the eyes perhaps or the slight trace of darkness on him. Catcher knew that the eyes of Lucia Noble haunted him and that he saw them everywhere, wanting to see them everywhere and perhaps he was just seeing what he wanted to see in this boy. He studied him for a moment longer and  then brushed his concerns aside.\
\
Catcher stood up and walked over to Lucy and took her hand. She looked up into his gentle face as he bent over and whispered to her, "It's time".\
Lucy stood up with him and followed him deeper into The Caves while the other Imaginers closed their eyes and Dreamwalked to the music that had recommenced. Catcher lit a smaller fire once he and Lucy settled further in the cave and he and Lucy sat before it, staring into the rising flames together.\
"Are you ready?" he asked her softly.\
She nodded and he took her hand, "Don't let go and stay right beside me no matter what" he instructed.\
Lucy nodded again as they both closed their eyes until Doorways opened for them to walk between the rocks of no Time and into The Dreamhelm.\
\
Isabella, Courtney and Pamela had arrived at The Caves not long after Dana's car had pulled in, but they had chosen to wait until they felt it safe enough to go in after her. Although Isabella was filled with a burning rage against Lucy from the fight they had the week before, she was secretly deeply intrigued by why Lucy and Bea would be in a cave on a Saturday Night. What she saw when she entered The Caves however, was not what she was expecting. Hiding behind a ledge, they absorbed a world that until then was the stuff of fiction and for the first time, the three girls were silent. Never before had any of them seen people bow down before Lucy, cry in her presence or for that matter speak to her like she was a Super Hero. A burning jealousy stirred unexpectedly in Isabella, but she pushed it aside with the thought,
\f3\i  No wonder she thinks she so special.
\f2\i0  Isabella began to imagine all the things she could do to humiliate Lucy and bring her down a peg or two, but before she could imagine any further the most astounding thing happened. A man dressed in muddied black clothes suddenly appeared from thin air into the circle, like a magician. \
"Did you see that Bella?" whispered Courtney, almost for reassurance that she was not going crazy.\
Isabella began to sweat. The fact that Courtney had seen it too sent a ripple of fear through her body, "No", she decided.\
"I did", a shocked Pamela whispered. "Who ARE these people Bella? Who is that 
\f3\i guy
\f2\i0 ?"\
"I DON'T KNOW!" answered Isabella with a slight screaming whisper.\
The three girls watched the man in black speak to the group and then walk Lucy a little further away into the deeper part of The Caves. They waited to see what would happen next, but all they saw for a while, was the rest of the group close their eyes, as the drummers and Digeridoo player played the most mesmerising music, softening the minds of even the most rigid thinkers in The Caves.\
\
While the gathering of Imaginers made their own way into The Dreamhelm, Catcher and Lucy arrived on The Launchpad and quickly mounted Catcher's ghost horse that he had summoned instantly upon his arrival. He held Lucy before him and concealed her from the approaching Dreamshapers under his white Thresholder cloak. Lucy peaked out from the cloak and saw as many as twenty, maybe even thirty Shapers surrounding them making haste to catch up with the famous Thresholder. Several were closing in and the infamous gnarled fingers of Balgair reached forward to pull him from his stead, but Catcher just raised his hand and light pulsed from the centre of his palm onto the forehead of Balgair, hurling him backwards as if a sword had struck him.\
Against Catcher, the Dreamshapers were powerless. His speed and horsemanship were one thing, but his immense invisible power was no match for anyone in The Dreamhelm, except perhaps Faileas himself, who Catcher had somehow managed to avoid in his entire 33 years of life. He brought Lucy and he safely to The Manifestation Tower and entered through a doorway that was different to the one Lucy had entered when she made her pet request.\
Catcher helped Lucy down and led her up an ultra modern escalator, down winding corridors, up magnificent staircases and through a series of ancient archways until they came to an intricately designed golden door. Before they entered, Catcher knelt down before Lucy and spoke softly to her;\
\
"At last Lucy, I can say your name, for here in The Tower, we have one place that it is free of any darkness. We are about to meet the greatest woman ever to walk in The Dreamhelm. She is neither from here nor from Time, but has just always been. When you enter, just be yourself, but be humble and wait until she speaks to you. You don't need to say anything at all, but you can thank her at the end if you like, she loves gratitude". \
\
Lucy nodded and felt her heart in her throat and her flesh sweat as Catcher opened the door slowly and entered the room with his head bowed low. Lucy did the same and when she looked up she saw a long hall that was dark except for a soft light at the very end that fell above two pillars, one black and the other white. Between the two pillars was a curtain that concealed a mysterious figure seated. Catcher walked Lucy down the hall, closer to this enigmatic presence and when they were only a few meters from her, the curtain fell away and there was a woman seated, her identity hidden behind a veil. The skin of countless pomegranates surrounded her feet as she opened a new one and began to take it to her mouth under the veil.\
\
"Do you know why you are here Lucy?" she asked in a voice so ethereal that Lucy wondered if she was real.\
Lucy was unable to speak. She just stood there trying to find words, but was mute.\
"It's all right my dear child, I know. You want to know who you are" she said.
\f3\i  "
\f2\i0 I have conferred with my cousins in The Room of Destiny and we agree that it shall be my task to reveal to you your true identity, which is intrinsically linked to your destiny".\
\
Lucy stood before this force of mystery and held Catcher's hand suddenly as she began to shake.\
The woman removed her veil and Lucy's eyes had never been wider as she saw the face of an old woman and a young girl all at once.\
\
"
\f3\i Don't be afraid of what you see Lucy, I am the past the present and the future at all moments. Should my face scare you know this: that much greater terror will your eyes see before you finish your walk through Time. For you Lucy are the daughter of the last great Lightbearer, who was deceived by the one they all fear who goes by the name of Faileas - The Shadowmaker. \
It was your mother who was destined to face The Shadow and end his reign forever with the secret gift that only a true Lightbearer can posses in such abundance. But alas, The Shadowmaker tricked her before she could accomplish her mission. He looked into the heart of your mother in search of her greatest weakness and found it and he took that weakness and used it against her to destroy her hope. Hopelessness dear Lucy, is the greatest enemy of the human spirit and it takes a strong and perceptive individual to find hidden doors to freedom in locked rooms.\
You, my precious child are the descendent of Lucia Noble and it is up to you to decide if you can carry this task to fruition. If you choose to walk away from it, all hope will eventually be extinguished in the hearts of every Imaginer and Sleeper by The Shadowmaker and his band of Dreamshapers. The choice is yours Lucy. Find and fulfil your destiny to face The Shadow and accomplish what no other Lightbearer has been able to do and that is; to conquer the Shadow that haunts all of us, misguides our dreams for his desire for war and hate".\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\sl336\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f2\i0 \cf0 Lucy stood before this vision of prophecy and was motionless in the face of finally receiving the answers she had longed for, now wishing she had not wanted to know or be so hungry for the truth of who she was. 
\f3\i The Revealer 
\f2\i0 had fallen silent and it was evident that she had said all that she was going to say. Catcher squeezed Lucy's hand as if to prompt her to respond,\
"Thank you", was all she could say as she bowed low before the great oracle. Lucy felt sick to the very core of her being upon hearing the revelation.\
Catcher bowed too and 
\f3\i The Revealer 
\f2\i0 nodded and brought down her veil and the curtain drew around her as if by magic. They both stood there momentarily in silence and then turned together and departed the room, neither of them speaking, but Catcher's face said everything
\f3\i .
\f2\i0  His bottomless lake blue eyes fixed on Lucy before he lifted her to the horse and she heard his voice in her head; 
\f3\i From this moment on Lucy, your life will never be the same again, but I will be with you until the end. I will always be there for you.\

\f2\i0 Lucy stared back at the enigmatic Thresholder and knew that if no one else, she could always trust him. They rode back with a speed bordering on light to the launchpad and returned to the realm of Time unhampered, The Dreamshapers aware that a battle with Catcher was at best, futile.\
\
As soon as they arrived back through The Doorways into The Caves, all The Imaginers stood up, anxious to know whether Lucy was indeed the true 
\f3\i Lightbearer.
\f2\i0  At that moment, Lucy saw that all those eyes looking at her from around the camp fire now knew exactly who she was. Their look of expectation and hope was too much for Lucy to take in as she felt her body go numb and her vision shut down. The moment Lucy fell to the ground
\f3\i , 
\f2\i0 everyone jumped up to come to her assistance, but Catcher raised his hand and insisted that everyone give her space. He placed his hand on her forehead and lifted her into his arms and carried her over to a more comfortable area in The Cave. He poured water into her mouth and she came to finally, suddenly sitting up.\
"What happened?" she asked Catcher.\
"You fainted" he said softly "It's to be expected really".\
"Oh" she said "Did I just dream all of that or is that really true what just happened?" she asked Catcher, in hope that it was all a bad nightmare and they were about to enter the Dreamhelm for real this time.\
"What IS real Lucy? Do you think your dreams are not real? They are just products of your imagination, unguided yes, but real all the same and as real as anything that you bring about consciously from The Dreamhelm. The only difference when you are there is that you're awake while you move through it, so yes Lucy, everything you just heard IS real" he said to her, as if he was breaking to her some very bad news.\
Everyone looked at her and they all bowed before her which Lucy immediately rebelled against.\
"Listen everybody" she announced in a voice she had never heard in herself before, "Can I just make it perfectly clear that I neither want adoration or special treatment\'85
\f3\i especially
\f2\i0  since I haven't even done anything yet, nor am I likely to succeed at since every other more experienced Imaginer has been unable to do it. People bowing down and kissing my hand isn't going to make it any easier, so can we just drop the Rockstar treatment. Thanks". Lucy jumped down off the ledge and settled in around the fire amongst her friends and tried to assume a 
\f3\i just like everybody else
\f2\i0  pose to overcome her absolute anxiety about what path was now before her.\
Everyone gave her a wide birth except her friends who put their arms around her and tried to make jokes about silly things to make her feel better. But it was not much use as the enormity of her path loomed like a dark cloud over her head. So they let her process it by talking through what had just happened in The
\f3\i  
\f2\i0 Helm with Catcher and 
\f3\i The Revealer.
\f2\i0  They all fell silent, neither envying Lucy nor knowing what reassuring words they could say to help her. Bea however wanted to share with Lucy that she had entered "an altered state", but had not in fact arrived into The Dreamhelm as such. Lucy just smiled at her, too distracted to reassure Bea and in fact feeling envious of her normal life suddenly. \
\
Hot Chocolates were passed around and the music began again, more up-tempo for some dancing and the mood lightened. Everyone seemed to be lifted by the promise of some hope in an end to the war of The Imaginers, everyone that is, but Lucy who had suddenly felt new eyes on her. She looked up and over the flames of the bonfire into the eyes of a boy her age. Dominic Navarro stared back at Lucy with a look she couldn't work out and for a moment it was as if she was looking at herself, as she sat for several minutes locking eyes with the only person in the cave who secretly wished for her destiny. A destiny that once that night was over, would lead her on a path that could she have foreseen it, she would not have chosen. The night however, like her heart was still young and the promise of adventure, too strong and next to her new friends, how could it be that bad? She sat back and tried to enjoy her new world and the feeling for the first time of truly belonging 
\f3\i somewhere.\

\f2\i0 \
Isabella, Courtney and Pamela had been hiding in the shadows and trying to take in all that took place in The Caves that night. All plans for revenge had been quietly abandoned, in the face of such a confrontation of events that had their belief systems exploding.\
"I don't know what you two have planned, but there is no way I'm messing about with this crew of crazies. I think we should split, besides, mum and dad will be in a thousand flavours of mad if we don't get back tonight" said Pamela, suddenly assuming authority.\
"I agree. These are some wacky people. Who knows what they could do, especially that Magician guy" said Courtney.\
Out-numbered and also slightly relieved to not carry through with her wishes, Isabella conceded it was time to go home too.\
The girls piled into the car and spent the next two hours driving home and talking over what they had witnessed, making fun of Lucy and yet all privately knowing that what they had seen had some kind of truth to it.\
As Pamela had predicted, her parent's 
\f3\i were
\f2\i0  angry, but mainly for her taking the car without permission and not telling them where they had been. Both girls were facing two weeks of grounding if they did not tell them what they had been up to. Pamela decided to tell them a half truth,\
"We decided to go up to Jenolan Caves for the day and you'll never believe what we saw?" she said, trying to appeal to her parents with a funny story about other people.\
"What was that?" asked Cynthia Villain dryly.\
"There were all these crazy people hanging out together who think they can enter this other place in their minds, what's it called Bella?" she asked her sister\
"The Dreamhelm is what they called it" said Isabella flatly.\
"Yeah. It was crazy. There was some guy that appeared out of thin air, I swear and they were going on about some girl who was there  who is 
\f3\i actually
\f2\i0  in Bella's class at school being some kind of Chosen One. It was quite hysterical" Pamela waffled on trying to over-explain an innocent road trip to avoid punishment.\
\
She would have continued, but she saw her mother's expression change from grave to a look of contained excitement.\
"What did you say this girl's name was Bella, the girl you go to school with?" she asked, trying to conceal her delight.\
"Um, Lucy Barker. Why? Do you know these people?" she asked, curious about her mother's sudden interest in Lucy.\
"You said Lucy Barker, 
\f3\i Lucy?"
\f2\i0  she asked again\
"Yes. Why?" Isabella asked again. \
"No reason", said Cynthia feeling electrically excited by the discovery "Now girls, into the shower and be down stairs for your dinner in 20 minutes please, no argument" she said, hurrying them off. The girls, just relieved to be off the hook unexpectedly, obeyed their mother without argument.\
When she was sure they were safely upstairs, she slipped into her husband's study and dialled a number she had written on the inside of an old book on the shelves.\
She heard the dial tone and the phone ring and her heart was in her mouth, "Yes, it is me Balgair" she said softly "I have found the name you seek".\
She waited for his response. "Of course I'm sure, she is a student in Bella's class and Bella has confirmed it from a meeting she has witnessed with The Imaginers tonight at The Jenolan Cave Doorway".\
She waited for him to tell her to go on, "The one you seek is...\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\sl336\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f3\i \cf0 Lucy Barker
\f2\i0 ".\
The moment Balgair heard the name, he just knew that it was authentic and his mind began to race with thoughts of the immense power and riches he would be granted by Faileas, once he imparted this vital information.\
"Very well done Cynthia" he commended.\
"Indeed, but now I want my reward" she said.\
"What is your request?" he asked sounding slightly irritated.\
"Shape the mind of The Board of Directors to step down from her position and Shape the minds of the rest of the committee to give me the position I should have been given, but wasn't. That's all I want for now, but should you capture Lucy, I want the opportunity to make another request. It's only fair" she said like a hard nose business woman negotiating the biggest deal of her life.\
"Very well" he said calm in the knowledge that he would fulfil his destiny and granting her petty little wish would mean nothing to him.\
Cynthia put the phone down and smiled victorious to herself and busied herself with her acceptance speech of the position that awaited her. While Balgair on the other-hand, walked the top of his high rise apartment, a Doorway directly into The Black Marshlands and he made his way to break the news of victory to the one person who could grant him ultimate power in the Realm of Time.\
\
\
\
\
\
 \
\
\
\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\sl336\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0 \cf0 \
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
}  0jtl\