{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red191\green191\blue191;\red0\green137\blue20;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid301\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid4}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1134\margr1134\margb1134\margt1134\vieww11900\viewh16840\viewkind1
\hyphauto1\hyphfactor90
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl600\sb113\sa170

\f0\b\fs76 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
SOCIAL SECURITY APPEALS TRIBUNAL ANNUAL REPORT \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl210\sa113
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
2014/2015\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl210\sa113

\b0\fs16 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\page \'a9 Commonwealth of Australia 2015\
ISSN: 1035-7750\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl210\sa227
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
This work is copyright. Apart from any use as permitted under the 
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Copyright Act 1968
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
, no part may be reproduced by any process without prior written permission from the Commonwealth.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl210\sa113
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\
With the exception of the Commonwealth Coat of Arms and any third party material, this work is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 Australia licence ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/au/deed.en"}}{\fldrslt \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/au/deed.en}}).\
To the extent that copyright subsists in third party material, it remains with the original owner and permission may be required to reuse the material.\
The terms under which the Coat of Arms can be used are detailed on the following website: \uc0\u8232 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.itsanhonour.gov.au/coat"}}{\fldrslt \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
http://www.itsanhonour.gov.au/coat}}-arms/.\
Content from this publication should be \uc0\u8232 attributed as: Social Security Appeals Tribunal, 
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Annual Report 2014-15
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
.\
Design: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://giraffe.com.au"}}{\fldrslt \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
giraffe.com.au}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl600\sb113

\b\fs76 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\page Letter of transmittal\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl600\sb113\sa113

\fs30 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\page CHAPTER 1 Year in Review	\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl210\sa113

\b0\fs18 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
President\'92s report	2\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl600\sa113

\b\fs30 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
CHAPTER 2 Overview of the SSAT	\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl210\sa57

\b0\fs18 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Role and functions	6\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl210\sa113
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Organisation of the SSAT	7\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl600\sa113

\b\fs30 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
CHAPTER 3 Performance		\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl210\sa57

\b0\fs18 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Overview	12\
Outcomes of applications for review	12\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl210\sa113
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Performance measures and results	14\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl600\sa113

\b\fs30 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
CHAPTER 4 Management and Accountability	\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl210\sa57

\b0\fs18 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Governance	24\
External scrutiny	24\
Human resource management	24\
Purchasing	25\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl210\sa113
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Consultants	25\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl600\sa113

\b\fs30 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Appendices	\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl210\sa57

\b0\fs18 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Appendix 1 \'96 Members of the SSAT as at 30 June 2015	30\
Appendix 2 \'96 SSAT staffing as at 30 June 2015	34\
Appendix 3 \'96 Application processing statistics		35\
Appendix 4 \'96 Application outcomes	38\
Appendix 5 \'96 Workplace health and safety 	41\
Appendix 6 \'96 Environmental performance reporting	42\
Appendix 7 \'96 Legal services expenditure statement	43\
Appendix 8 \'96 Corrections to last year\'92s report	44\
Appendix 9 \'96 Decisions of interest	45\
Appendix 10 \'96 Access to justice activities	49\
Appendix 11 \'96 Contact details for the Social Services and Child Support Division of the AAT 	50\
Glossary		51\
List of requirements 	52\
Index	55\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl600\sb113

\b\fs76 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\page CHAPTER 1 Year in Review\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl280\sb283\sa57

\fs28 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
President\'92s report
\b0\fs18 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl210\sa113
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
The Commonwealth Administrative Review Committee (Kerr Committee) concluded in 1971 that the basic fault of the entire administrative law structure at that time was that review could not, as a general rule, be obtained on the merits despite that being what the aggrieved citizen was seeking. The Kerr Committee recommended that merits review be made available and that such review should be undertaken by a single independent, highly skilled, generalist body. Four decades later, with bipartisan support, that recommendation has been largely implemented. On 1 July 2015 the Migration Review Tribunal (MRT), the Refugee Review Tribunal (RRT) and the Social Security Appeals Tribunal (SSAT) were amalgamated into \uc0\u8232 the Administrative Appeals Tribunal (AAT).\
The amalgamation will simplify the pathways for individuals and organisations seeking review of Commonwealth administrative decisions without diminishing existing rights of review. \
It should not be thought that the new system will be static. It would be surprising if the amalgamation does not reveal further opportunities for reform \'96 including removal of any remaining legacy inconsistencies in aspects of the AAT\'92s procedures which have no ongoing utility.\
Bringing the four tribunals together offers opportunities to enhance the merits review system. The transfer of the members and staff of the MRT, RRT and SSAT to the AAT and the broad preservation of the procedures of each of the tribunals will allow for a continuity of experience for users of the tribunals. Efficiencies will be achieved through the consolidation of corporate operations. \
This year marked the 40\kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\super th\kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\nosupersub  and final year of the SSAT. In the circumstances, it is fitting to highlight key challenges in the SSAT\'92s long history rather than to confine this overview \uc0\u8232 to the performance of the SSAT in the reporting period.\
The SSAT was created by Ministerial Instruction in 1975 to review certain decisions of the then Department of Social Security. At the time, the SSAT could only recommend to the head of that Department that a decision be changed. \
In reviewing a decision, the SSAT was constituted by a full-time member who was an officer of the Department and two part-time members who usually had legal or social welfare qualifications. In the 1980s, the decisions which the SSAT could review were expanded to include decisions about invalid pension (now known as disability support pension). For these reviews, the constitution of the SSAT expanded to also include a medical practitioner.\
If the Department did not accept a recommendation of the SSAT to change its decision, the person affected by the decision could seek review by the AAT.\
In 1988, the 
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Social Security Act 1947
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
 was amended to establish the SSAT as a statutory body and to give determinative powers to it. Now only a decision which had been internally reviewed by the Department could be the subject of review by the SSAT. A person whose interests were affected by a decision of the SSAT could seek review of that decision by the AAT. \
The statutory establishment of the SSAT enabled the appointments as full-time members of persons who were not officers of the Department responsible for administration of the legislation under which the reviewable decisions were made. However, the SSAT continued to be composed of a small number of full-time members and a large number of part-time members. \
The 
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Social Security Act 1947
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
 was replaced by the 
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Social Security Act 1991
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
 which was expounded as having been written in plain English. However, the 1991 Act was soon described by the Federal Court of Australia as \'93notoriously complex and difficult to interpret\'94. Thereafter, the Act continued to grow in size and complexity. The administrative provisions were removed to the 
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Social Security (Administration) Act 1999
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
. In the same year, 
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
A New Tax System (Family Assistance) Act 1999 
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
and 
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
A New Tax System (Family Assistance) (Administration) Act 1999 
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
were enacted. \
By 2004, the SSAT was constituted by two members for most reviews, including reviews of decisions about disability support pension. \
In 2007, the SSAT was given jurisdiction to review most decisions of the Child Support Registrar following internal review. In most of these cases, there was no right of further review by the AAT. An appeal on a question of law lay to the Federal Magistrates Court of Australia (as the Federal Circuit Court of Australia was then known), the Family Court of Australia or the Family Court of Western Australia in that State.\
In 2010, jurisdiction was conferred on the SSAT to review decisions made under the \uc0\u8232 
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Paid Parental Leave Act 2010.\

\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
In 2011, the SSAT moved to constitution by one member for most reviews in line with the practice of the AAT and the MRT-RRT. In the reporting period, the SSAT was constituted by a single member for 97% of reviews. For many years now, most members of the SSAT had legal qualifications and many members were qualified in more than one discipline. \
In 2014, to further enhance attainment of its statutory objective (of providing a mechanism of review that is fair, just, economical, informal and quick) and of consistency in its decision-making, the SSAT organised its work into three national Lists. Child support reviews are heard in one List and Centrelink reviews are divided into the other two Lists.  \
In its final year, the SSAT continued to make a high volume of timely decisions. The number of applications for review by the SSAT rose from 12,489 to 15,264 (a 22% increase). Due to the dedication and long hours put in by many staff and members, the SSAT finalised 13,793 applications for review (an 8% increase). Reviews of Centrelink decisions were finalised in an average of 7.8 weeks and child support reviews in an average of 10.7 weeks. This timeliness was achieved without compromising the quality of the SSAT\'92s decision-making.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl210\sa113
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-1
The percentage of decisions of the SSAT which attracted applications to the AAT for further merits review fell in the reporting period. Similarly, the appeals on a question of law to a court with jurisdiction from a child support decision of the SSAT fell from 48 to 32. \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\
However, the SSAT\'92s performance would not have been sustainable in 2015-16 without reappointments or appointments to replace members upon expiry of their terms of appointment or resignation for personal or professional reasons. There have been only two reappointments, one new appointment on a 12 month acting basis and three extensions on a shorter-term acting basis since mid-2014. At the end of the reporting period, the number of applications on hand had almost doubled and it was taking longer to get a hearing date. \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl210\sa113
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-2
Having sufficient members assigned to undertake this work in the coming years will be critical to the success of the Social Services and Child Support Division of the AAT.\
In the reporting period, the SSAT farewelled the following part-time members with gratitude for their contribution to its performance: \
\pard\pardeftab720\li283\ri2\sl210\sa113
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Penny Hunter, Dr Andrea Mant, \uc0\u8232 Gregory Pearson (NSW)\
Cathy-Ann McLennan, Virginia Ryan (QLD)\
Julie Forgan (SA)\
Kim Barker (TAS) \
\pard\pardeftab720\li283\ri2\sl210\sa170
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Karen Barrett-Leonard (WA)\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl210\sa113
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
In addition, two SSAT members were appointed as full-time members of other tribunals in June 2015: \
\pard\pardeftab720\li283\ri2\sl210\sa113
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Tina Guthrie (QLD) \
Kate Timbs (NSW)\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl210\sa113
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
In its 40 year history, the SSAT developed a reputation for being accessible, informal, quick, fair and expert in its jurisdiction. That reputation was built by the many hundreds of people who served as members of the SSAT over the years. Some went on to hold high office. Among them is the Hon. Justice Robert French AC, Chief Justice of the High Court of Australia, who kindly provided the following reminiscence for this last annual report of the SSAT:\
\pard\pardeftab720\li227\ri115\sl210\sa113

\i \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
I remember with pleasure my part-time role as a legal member of the Social Security Appeal Tribunal in the 1970s when it was a non-statutory administrative review body with recommendatory powers only. Despite those limitations it achieved a high volume of timely decision-making and the Department generally accepted its recommendations. It was tripartite, with a legal member, a welfare or medical member (depending on the nature of the review) and a departmental member. It was a kind of hybrid of internal and external review incorporating through its part time members community participation. Among the welfare members with whom I sat were Sister Veronica Brady and Father Barry Hickey, who later became Catholic Archbishop of Perth. Time has moved on and the institution evolved and is now to be merged in the Administrative Appeals Tribunal. It had a long and honourable history and still provides useful models for different kinds of administrative review. I remember it fondly as does my wife, Valerie, who sat as a legal member in \uc0\u8232 the 1980s.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl210\sa113

\i0 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
The Government\'92s decision to amalgamate the key Commonwealth merits review tribunals was a primary area of focus of this tribunal and its staff and members in 2014\'9615. The successful implementation of this decision was only possible because of the collaboration and cooperation of many people, particularly in the tribunals, the Attorney-General\'92s Department and the portfolio departments for the MRT, RRT and SSAT. Action was required across a broad range of areas, including development and passage of the 
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Tribunals Amalgamation Act 2015
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
, reviewing and updating practice and procedure documentation, consideration of membership and staffing arrangements, as well as the many other practical issues associated with creating a single organisation from 1 July 2015. \
I thank the former Principal Member of the SSAT, Jane Macdonnell, who worked tirelessly and with selfless dedication as head of the SSAT\'92s jurisdiction to ensure the success of the amalgamation while also working with members to ensure the day-to-day delivery of merits review to the highest standards. The former Registrar of the SSAT, Louise Anderson, made very significant contributions to the project. \
Jane Macdonnell has expressed what a privilege it was to serve as the Principal Member of the SSAT due to the commitment of its members and staff to providing an informal, fair and just, but also quick and economical, review of decisions which affect many disadvantaged people.\
On behalf of the former Principal Member, I thank the three former Deputy Principal Members (Suellen Bullock, Irene Tsiakas and Jim Walsh) and the Registrar for their dedication and leadership in implementing the changes over several years which positioned the SSAT well for the amalgamation. I congratulate Louise Anderson on her appointment as the Chief Executive Officer of the Supreme Court of Victoria and thank Elizabeth Connolly who ably acted as Registrar of the SSAT from late April 2015. I also pass on thanks to Greig Morris who retired on 30 June 2015 after many years of providing technological solutions and support to the SSAT.  \
Similarly, I would like to convey the former Principal Member\'92s gratitude for the dedication of the SSAT\'92s registry staff in handling the increased number of applications for review while also contributing to the work needed for a smooth amalgamation with the other tribunals. Staff in the SSAT\'92s national office also juggled their usual duties with the work required to amalgamate the corporate functions of the SSAT, MRT-RRT and AAT. \
Many other staff of the tribunals also played critical roles in the amalgamation, particularly through their participation in working groups established to deal with issues relating to client service delivery, financial and human resources management, information technology, library and information services, tribunal practice and procedure and property. \
Finally, I would like to acknowledge the work of the staff of the Attorney-General\'92s Department, particularly Deputy Secretary David Fredericks and the Tribunals Amalgamation Taskforce, who coordinated the implementation of the Government\'92s decision. The way in which they engaged with the tribunals has assisted in the establishment of an amalgamated AAT that is well-placed to meet the needs of the Australian community into the future. \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl600\sb113

\b\fs76 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\page CHAPTER 2 Overview of the SSAT\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl280\sb283\sa57

\fs28 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Role and functions\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl260\sb170\sa57

\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Establishment\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl210\sa113

\b0\fs18 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
The Social Security Appeals Tribunal (SSAT) was established by Ministerial Instruction in 1975 and by the 
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Social Security Act 1947
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
 in 1988. The SSAT\'92s existence was continued by the 
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Social Security Act 1991 
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
and then by the 
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Social Security (Administration) Act 1999
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
. \
The SSAT\'92s role was to undertake merits review of those decisions in respect of which jurisdiction was conferred on the SSAT. Merits review required the SSAT to make the legally correct decision and, where more than one decision would be legally correct, the preferable decision on the evidence and material which was before the SSAT.\
In carrying out its statutory functions, the SSAT was required to pursue the objective of providing a mechanism of review that is fair, just, economical, informal and quick.\
For the reporting period, the SSAT was within the portfolio of the Minister for Social Services, in the Department of Social Services (DSS). The Principal Member was required to give the Minister a report of the operations of the SSAT during the year.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri115\sl210\sa113
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
On 1 July 2015, pursuant to the 
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Tribunals Amalgamation Act 2015
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
, the SSAT amalgamated with the Administrative Appeals Tribunal (AAT), the Migration Review Tribunal and the Refugee Review Tribunal (MRT-RRT). The jurisdiction of the SSAT is now exercised by the Social Services and Child Support Division of the AAT.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl260\sb170\sa57

\b\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Jurisdiction \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl210\sa113

\b0\fs18 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
In the reporting period, the SSAT reviewed decisions made under the 
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Social Security Act 1991
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
, 
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Social Security (Administration) Act 1999
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
, 
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
A New Tax System (Family Assistance) Act 1999
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
, 
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
A New Tax System (Family Assistance) (Administration) Act 1999
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
, 
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Paid Parental Leave Act 2010
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
, 
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Student Assistance Act 1973
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
, and the 
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Farm Household Support Act 1992
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
.\
The SSAT also had jurisdiction to review decisions about entitlement to health care cards, and decisions regarding the amount of arrears of service pension payable under the 
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Veterans\'92 Entitlements Act 1986
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
 where the veteran\'92s partner was receiving a social security payment.\
The reviewable decisions made under these Acts are made by officers of the Department of Human Services (DHS) employed in Centrelink offices. These decisions are referred to in this report as \'93Centrelink decisions\'94. Except where otherwise indicated in this Annual Report, decisions under the 
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Paid Parental Leave Act 2010 
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
are included in \'93Centrelink decisions\'94.\
The SSAT also reviewed decisions made under the 
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Child Support (Assessment) Act 1989
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
 and the 
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Child Support (Registration and Collection) Act 1988
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
 by officers of DHS employed in offices known as the Child Support Agency (CSA). These decisions are referred to in this Annual Report as \'93child support decisions\'94.\
The SSAT could not review a Centrelink decision unless that decision had been reviewed by an authorised review officer (ARO). It was the practice of Centrelink to treat an application to the SSAT for review of a decision, which had not been reviewed by an ARO, as a request for review by an ARO. \
The SSAT could not review a child support decision unless that decision had been the subject of an objection and a decision on the objection had been made by the Child Support Registrar. It was not the practice of the CSA to automatically treat the application to the SSAT for review of a decision, which had not been reviewed by an objections officer, as an application for review by an objections officer.\
The CSA sometimes rejected an objection on the basis that it was not \'93valid\'94, and adopted the view that the SSAT had no jurisdiction. However, the SSAT has conducted a hearing for the purpose of deciding whether it has jurisdiction.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl260\sb170\sa57

\b\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Powers\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl210\sa113

\b0\fs18 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
The powers exercisable by the SSAT, or its Principal Member, for the purposes of a review were set out in the 
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Social Security (Administration) Act 1999
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
, the 
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
A New Tax System (Family Assistance) (Administration) Act 1999
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
, the 
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Child Support (Registration and Collection) Act 1988
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
 and the
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
 Paid Parental Leave Act 2010
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
.\
In reviewing a decision, the SSAT was not bound by legal technicalities, legal forms or rules of evidence and was required to act as speedily as a proper consideration of the review allowed. In determining what a proper consideration required, the SSAT had to have regard to its statutory objective of providing a mechanism of review that is fair, just, economical, informal and quick.\
The SSAT could exercise the powers and discretions of the decision-maker (subject to some exceptions).\
Unless an application for review by the SSAT was discontinued, withdrawn or dismissed, the SSAT had to affirm, vary or set aside the reviewable decision.\
Where the SSAT set aside a decision, the SSAT could either substitute a new decision or send the matter back to Centrelink or the CSA (as the case may be) for reconsideration in accordance with any directions or recommendations of the SSAT.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl280\sb283\sa57

\b\fs28 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Organisation of the SSAT\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl260\sb170\sa57

\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Membership\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl210\sa113

\b0\fs18 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
The SSAT was composed of its members who were appointed by the Governor-General on a full-time or part-time basis (with the exception of the Principal Member who had to be appointed on a full-time basis). From 2010, appointments were usually made for a term of five years. Members could be reappointed. Appointments and reappointments usually took effect from 1 January or 1 July each year.\
At 30 June 2015, the SSAT comprised the Principal Member, three full-time Deputy Principal Members, one full-time Senior Member, 11 full-time members and 102 part-time members, five of whom were not available to hear reviews.  \
The names and qualifications of the members of the SSAT at 30 June 2015 are listed in Appendix 1. \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl180\sb113\sa170

\b\fs16 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Table 1  Tribunal membership at 30 June 2015\

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1836\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1728
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1728\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3456
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1728\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5184
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1728\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6912
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1728\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl180
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Category of member\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl180\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Full-time\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl180\qr
\cf0 Part-time\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl180\qr
\cf0 Total\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl180\qr
\cf0 (Women)\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1836\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1728
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1728\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3456
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1728\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5184
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1728\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6912
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1728\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1

\b0 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Principal Member\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
1\kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\super 1\kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\nosupersub \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
-\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 1\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 (1)\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1836\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1728
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1728\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3456
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1728\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5184
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1728\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6912
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1728\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Deputy Principal Members\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
3\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 -\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 3\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 (2)\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1836\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1728
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1728\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3456
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1728\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5184
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1728\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6912
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1728\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Senior Members\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
1\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 -\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 1\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 (0)\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1836\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1728
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1728\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3456
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1728\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5184
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1728\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6912
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1728\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Members\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
11\'b2\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 102\'b3\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 113\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 (65)\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1836\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1728
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1728\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3456
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1728\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5184
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1728\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6912
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1728\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
TOTAL\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
16\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 102\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 118\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 (68)\cell \lastrow\row
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl210\sa113

\fs20 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\
\pard\tx540\pardeftab720\ri2\sl160

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Notes:	1. Appointment expired on 30 June 2015.\
	2. Includes one member who was appointed as a full-time member of the MRT-RRT in late June. \
	3. Includes three members who resigned on or soon after 30 June 2015 and five part-time members who were not available to hear reviews. \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\sb113\sa57

\fs18 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\sb113\sa57

\fs20 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Principal Member\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl210\sa113

\fs18 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
The Principal Member of the SSAT, Jane Macdonnell, was responsible for the overall operation and administration of the SSAT. \
The Principal Member was required to monitor the operations of the SSAT and to take reasonable steps to ensure that decisions of the SSAT were consistent and that the SSAT efficiently and effectively performed its functions. The Principal Member could give directions to increase the efficiency of the operations of the SSAT and as to the arrangement of the business of the SSAT.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\sb113\sa57

\fs20 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Deputy Principal Members\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri115\sl210\sa113

\fs18 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Deputy Principal Members assisted the Principal Member in the operation and administration of the SSAT.  To further enhance attainment of its statutory objective of providing a mechanism of review that is fair, just, economical, informal and quick, and the consistency of its decision-making, the business of the SSAT was arranged into three national Lists each of which was headed by a Deputy Principal Member during the reporting period. \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl210\sa113
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Applications for review of decisions about a payment type for which the qualifications included impairment criteria or activity tests were allocated to List A. Applications for review of decisions about other types of social security payments, family assistance payments and about the application of the assets or income test for any payment type were allocated to List B. Applications for review of decisions about child support were allocated to List C. \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl180\sb113\sa170

\b\fs16 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Table 2 Deputy Principal Members at 30 June 2015\

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2988\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2880\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2880\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl180
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
List\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl180
\cf0 Deputy Principal Member\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl180
\cf0 State \cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2988\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2880\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2880\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1

\b0 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
A  (Centrelink decisions)\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 Suellen Bullock\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 NSW / ACT\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2988\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2880\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2880\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
B  (Centrelink decisions)\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 Irene Tsiakas\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 VIC / TAS\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2988\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2880\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2880\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
C  (Child support decisions)\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 Jim Walsh\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 QLD / NT / WA / SA\cell \lastrow\row
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\sa57

\fs18 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl210\sa113
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Deputy Principal Members also continued to provide leadership to members in the States in which they were located and in the smaller States or Territories for whose operations they had been responsible prior to the establishment of the national Lists.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\sb113\sa57

\fs20 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Senior Members\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl210\sa113

\fs18 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
The SSAT had one Senior Member, Bruce Harvey, who is located in South Australia. \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl260\sb170\sa57

\b\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Staff\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\sb113\sa57

\b0\fs20 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Registrar\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl210\sa113

\fs18 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
The Registrar of the SSAT was not a statutory office and was a Senior Executive Service Band 1 position occupied by Louise Anderson. \
Clause 24 of Schedule 3 to the 
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Social Security (Administration) Act 1999
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
 stipulated that any staff required to assist the SSAT were to be persons appointed or employed by the Secretary (to DSS) under the 
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Public Service
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
 
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Act 1999
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
 and made available for that purpose to the SSAT. In practice, employees were engaged in exercise of power delegated by the Secretary to the Registrar.\
See Appendix 2 for staffing information.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\sb113\sa57

\fs20 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Registries\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl210\sa113

\fs18 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
The SSAT had a registry in the capital city of each State and operated as four districts under four District Registrars who reported to the Registrar.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl180\sb113\sa170

\b\fs16 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-2
Table 3 District Registrars at 30 June 2015\

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4320\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl180
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Registry\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl180
\cf0 District Registrar\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4320\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1

\b0 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
NSW/ACT\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 Elizabeth Connolly\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4320\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
VIC/TAS\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 Marianne Evans\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4320\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
QLD/NT\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 Robin Harvey\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4320\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
SA/WA\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 Ian Phillips\cell \lastrow\row
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl210\sa113

\fs18 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri172\sl210\sa113
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\
The Registrar was located in the SSAT\'92s National Office in Melbourne. The National Office was responsible for management of finances, premises, assets, information technology, and related services. The National Office also housed a member support unit which provided research assistance, case law and legislative amendment alerts, conference papers and materials to members.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl180\sb113\sa170

\b\fs16 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Figure 1 SSAT administrative structure\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl260\sb170\sa57

\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Funding of the SSAT\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl210\sa113

\b0\fs18 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Funding for the SSAT\'92s operational costs (member remuneration, staff salaries, property, information technology and other administrative expenses) and capital costs was provided by DSS. The SSAT was subject to annual productivity dividends. \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl260\sb170\sa57

\b\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Administrative arrangements\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl210\sa113

\b0\fs18 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Subsection 10(1) of the 
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Social Security (Administration) Act 1999
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
 permitted the Secretary of the Department of Social Services and the Principal Member to agree on administrative arrangements to further the objectives of Part 4 of that Act (\'93Review of Decisions\'94). No arrangements were in place in relation to the SSAT\'92s review of decisions.  However, in carrying out administrative functions delegated by the Secretary, SSAT staff used DSS\'92s payroll and financial systems. \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl600\sb113

\b\fs76 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\page CHAPTER 3 Performance\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl210\sa113

\b0\fs18 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
The SSAT was not a Commonwealth entity for the purposes of the 
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Public Governance, Performance and Accountability Act 2013
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
. For that reason, the Portfolio Budget Statement \uc0\u8232 did not contain an \'93outcome\'94 for the SSAT. \
The SSAT\'92s output was the finalisation of applications for review. Most applications for review \uc0\u8232 by the SSAT were finalised by a hearing. \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl280\sb340\sa57

\b\fs28 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Overview\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl210\sa113

\b0\fs18 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
The SSAT finalised more applications for review (13,793) than it did the previous year (12,738). \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl180\sb113\sa170

\b\fs16 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Table 4 Applications by type, 2014-15   \

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1836\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1728
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1728\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3456
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1728\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5184
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1728\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6912
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1728\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0

\b0\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl180\qr

\b\fs16 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Centrelink \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl180\qr
\cf0 Paid parental\
leave\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl180\qr
\cf0 Child \uc0\u8232 support\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl180\qr
\cf0 Total\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1836\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1728
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1728\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3456
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1728\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5184
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1728\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6912
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1728\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1

\b0 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Applications received\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
12,989\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 211\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 2,064\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 15,264\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1836\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1728
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1728\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3456
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1728\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5184
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1728\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6912
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1728\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Applications finalised\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
11,724\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 176\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 1,893\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 13,793\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1836\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1728
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1728\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3456
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1728\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5184
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1728\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6912
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1728\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Decisions reviewed*\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
12,905\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 182\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 1,893\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 14,980\cell \lastrow\row
\pard\tx160\pardeftab720\ri2\sl160
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\
\
* \uc0\u8232 	Some applicants seek review of multiple decisions in the one application.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl210\sa113

\fs18 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\
The total number of applications for review made to the SSAT in 2014-15 was 2,775 (22%) more than in 2013-14.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl180\sb113\sa170

\b\fs16 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-2
Table 5 Outcomes of Centrelink reviews\

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2268\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2160
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2160\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2160\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6480
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2160\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl180
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Applications for review of Centrelink decisions\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl180\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
2012-13\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl180\qr
\cf0 2013-14\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl180\qr
\cf0 2014-15\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2268\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2160
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2160\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2160\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6480
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2160\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1

\b0 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Applications received\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
10,199\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 10,454\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 12,989\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2268\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2160
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2160\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2160\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6480
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2160\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Applications finalised\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
10,389\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 10,649\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 11,724\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2268\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2160
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2160\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2160\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6480
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2160\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Decisions reviewed*\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
12,507\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 11,920\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 12,905\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2268\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2160
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2160\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2160\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6480
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2160\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Decisions affirmed^\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
60%\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 59%\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 60%\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2268\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2160
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2160\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2160\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6480
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2160\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Decisions changed (varied/set aside)^\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
20%\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 22%\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 22%\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2268\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2160
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2160\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2160\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6480
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2160\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Not reviewable / withdrawn / dismissed^\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
20%\kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\super 1\kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\nosupersub \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
19%\kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\super 2\kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\nosupersub \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
18%\'b3\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2268\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2160
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2160\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2160\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6480
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2160\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
On hand at 30 June\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
1,585\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 1,463\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 2,993 \cell \lastrow\row
\pard\tx160\pardeftab720\ri2\sl160

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\
\
* 	Some applications in this jurisdiction include more than one decision. \
^ 	Figures are given as a percentage of decisions of which review sought (rather than of applications for review).\
1 	Not reviewable 4%; withdrawn 4%; dismissed 12%. \
2 	Not reviewable 10%; withdrawn 6%; dismissed 3%. \
3 \uc0\u8232 	Not reviewable 10%; withdrawn 6%; dismissed 1%. Without rounding, adds to 18%.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl210\sa113

\fs20 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl280\sb283\sa57

\b\fs28 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Outcomes of applications for review\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl210\sa113

\b0\fs18 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
The outcomes of applications for review are summarised below, and the outcomes for the previous two years are included to allow comparison.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl260\sb170\sa57

\b\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Centrelink reviews (excluding paid parental leave)\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl210\sa113

\b0\fs18 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
The SSAT received 12,989 applications for review of Centrelink decisions in 2014-15. This is a very significant increase (24%) over the number of applications received in the previous reporting period. \
Figure 2 shows the main reasons for setting aside or varying Centrelink decisions.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl180\sb113\sa170

\b\fs16 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\page Figure 2 Reasons for change of Centrelink decisions (excluding PPL) \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl260\sb170\sa57

\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl180\sb113\sa170

\fs16 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Table 6 Outcomes of PPL reviews\

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2268\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2160
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2160\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2160\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6480
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2160\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl180
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Applications for review of PPL decisions\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl180\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
2012-13\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl180\qr
\cf0 2013-14\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl180\qr
\cf0 2014-15\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2268\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2160
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2160\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2160\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6480
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2160\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1

\b0 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Applications received\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
113\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 157\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 211\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2268\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2160
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2160\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2160\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6480
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2160\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Applications finalised\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
123\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 153\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 176\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2268\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2160
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2160\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2160\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6480
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2160\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Decisions affirmed^\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
75%\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 71%\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 71%\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2268\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2160
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2160\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2160\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6480
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2160\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Decisions changed (varied/set aside)^\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
11%\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 11%\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 16%\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2268\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2160
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2160\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2160\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6480
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2160\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Not reviewable / withdrawn / dismissed^\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
14%\kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\super 1\kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\nosupersub \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
18%\kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\super 2\kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\nosupersub \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
13%\kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\super 3\kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\nosupersub \cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2268\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2160
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2160\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2160\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6480
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2160\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
On hand at 30 June\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
13\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 17\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 74\cell \lastrow\row
\pard\tx160\pardeftab720\ri2\sl160
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\
\
\pard\tx140\pardeftab720\ri2\sl160

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
^ 	Figures are given as a percentage of decisions reviewed. \
1 Not reviewable 1%; withdrawn 4%; dismissed 9%. \
2  Not reviewable 12%; withdrawn 4%, dismissed 2%.\
3  Not reviewable 8%; withdrawn 4%, dismissed 0%. Without rounding, adds to 13%.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl180\sb397\sa170

\b\fs16 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Table 7 Outcomes of child support reviews\

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2268\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2160
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2160\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2160\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6480
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2160\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl180
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Applications for review of child support decisions\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl180\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
2012-13\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl180\qr
\cf0 2013-14\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl180\qr
\cf0 2014-15\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2268\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2160
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2160\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2160\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6480
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2160\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1

\b0 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Applications received\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
1,972\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 1,878\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 2,064\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2268\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2160
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2160\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2160\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6480
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2160\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Applications finalised\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
1,900\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 1,936\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 1,893\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2268\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2160
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2160\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2160\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6480
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2160\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Decisions affirmed\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
24%\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 27%\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 32%\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2268\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2160
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2160\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2160\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6480
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2160\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Decisions changed (varied/set aside)\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
41%\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 44%\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 39%\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2268\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2160
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2160\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2160\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6480
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2160\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Not reviewable / withdrawn / dismissed\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
35%\kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\super 1\kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\nosupersub \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
29%\kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\super 2\kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\nosupersub \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
29%\kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\super 3\kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\nosupersub \cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2268\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2160
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2160\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2160\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6480
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2160\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
On hand at 30 June\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
423\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 327\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 499\cell \lastrow\row
\pard\tx160\pardeftab720\ri2\sl160
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\
\
1 	Not reviewable 13%; withdrawn 6%; dismissed 16%.\
2 	Not reviewable 11%; withdrawn 13%; dismissed 5%.\
3 	Not reviewable 12%; withdrawn 13%; dismissed 4%.
\fs14 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl260\sb170\sa57

\b\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Paid parental leave (PPL) reviews\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl210\sa113

\b0\fs18 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
The SSAT received 211 applications for review of PPL decisions by claimants.\
The SSAT finalised 176 applications relating to 182 PPL decisions during the reporting period, and affirmed the reviewable decision in 71% of the reviews (see Table 6).\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl260\sb170\sa57

\b\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Child support reviews\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl210\sa113

\b0\fs18 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
The SSAT received 2,064 applications for review of child support decisions in 2014-15, an increase of 10% on applications received in the previous reporting period. \
The SSAT finalised fewer applications (1,893) than it received (see Table 7). \
\
Figure 3 shows the main reasons why the SSAT varied or set aside decisions of the Child Support Registrar. \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl180\sb113\sa170

\b\fs16 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Figure 3 Reasons for change of child support decisions \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl210\sa113

\b0\fs18 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
The main reason why decisions were not reviewable by the SSAT was that the applicant had not lodged an objection to the decision so that there had been no review of the decision by the Child Support Registrar. Of the remaining decisions which were not reviewed by the SSAT, the application in respect of those decisions was dismissed because it was withdrawn by the applicant, or the applicant and the other party failed to respond to correspondence from the SSAT or to attend a scheduled hearing. \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl280\sb283\sa57

\b\fs28 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Performance measures and results\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl210\sa113

\b0\fs18 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
The SSAT\'92s objective, as stated in the various Acts which conferred jurisdiction on the SSAT, was to provide a mechanism of review that is fair, just, economical, informal and quick.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl260\sb170\sa57

\b\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Economy\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl210\sa113

\b0\fs18 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
As there was no fee for making an application for review to the SSAT, the economy of the mechanism of review is necessarily judged from the cost of the SSAT\'92s operations.\
Funding for the SSAT was $28.930m in \uc0\u8232 2014-15 out of which the SSAT had to meet the costs of its significantly increased workload and of preparation for its amalgamation with the AAT, MRT and RRT on 1 July 2015.   \
The SSAT was able to operate within that funding because there were no increases in member or staff remuneration and because, due to its reduced membership, the SSAT could not finalise as many applications for review as it received during the reporting period. \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\sb113\sa57

\fs20 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Cost of a review\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl210\sa113

\fs18 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
The SSAT\'92s cost per application for review has been calculated by dividing the SSAT\'92s expenditure of $28,074,054 excluding depreciation and amortisation and abnormal costs (voluntary staff redundancies and other one-off costs associated with the tribunals\'92 amalgamation) by the number of applications finalised (13,793). The result is $2,035 per application for review (which is a 6.5% decrease compared to 2013-14).\
This cost reduction was due to the increased number of applications for review across which fixed costs (accommodation and services) were averaged; the increased constitution of the SSAT by a single member; and a decrease in registry costs due to staff reductions and other changes. \
During the reporting period, applicants for review increasingly lodged their applications online. However, online lodgement accounted for only 11% of applications received. The majority of applicants continue to make their applications for review by telephone. \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri59\sl210\sa113
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
The Department of Human Services (DHS) commenced the electronic transfer of indexed documents in electronically searchable form in child support matters and, by the end of the reporting period, was sending all documents to the SSAT electronically. As of 1 July 2015, DHS will send each applicant for review a copy of these papers. This change will reduce document handling for Centrelink and child support reviews. However, during the reporting period, DHS continued to frequently omit relevant documents from those sent to the SSAT. These omissions created inefficiency for the SSAT, frustration for applicants and a real risk of the review being neither fair nor just.   \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl260\sb170\sa57

\b\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Timeliness\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl210\sa113

\b0\fs18 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
The SSAT had to pursue a mechanism of review that was quick (among other things). \
The Secretary of the Department of Human Services had to \'93send\'94 the Principal Member a statement about the decision under review, and the documents which were relevant for the purposes of the review, within 28 days of receipt of the SSAT\'92s notification of receipt of the application for review.\
In reviewing a decision, the SSAT was required to act as speedily as proper consideration of the review allows. The SSAT had to give its reasons for decision within 14 days of making the decision. \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl180\sb113\sa170

\b\fs16 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Table 8 Performance against time standards\

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1836\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1728
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1728\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3456
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1728\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5184
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1728\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6912
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1728\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl180
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Step \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl180\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Standard\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl180\qr
\cf0 2012-13\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl180\qr
\cf0 2013-14\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl180\qr
\cf0 2014-15\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1836\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1728
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1728\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3456
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1728\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5184
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1728\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6912
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1728\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1

\b0 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Acknowledgement letter to applicant\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
5 days\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 100%\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 100%\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 100%\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1836\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1728
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1728\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3456
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1728\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5184
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1728\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6912
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1728\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Receipt of documents from DHS (Centrelink) \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\super 1\kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\nosupersub  \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
28 days\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 99%\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 99%\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 >99%\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1836\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1728
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1728\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3456
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1728\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5184
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1728\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6912
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1728\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Receipt of documents from the Child Support Registrar \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\super 1\kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\nosupersub \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
28 days\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 96%\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 98%\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 98%\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1836\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1728
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1728\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3456
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1728\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5184
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1728\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6912
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1728\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Receipt of documents to directions hearing (child support reviews) \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
2 weeks \'b2\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 3.6\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 3.9\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 4.4\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1836\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1728
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1728\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3456
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1728\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5184
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1728\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6912
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1728\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Directions hearing to hearing (child support reviews) \'b3\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
6 weeks\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 7.5\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 7.1\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 7.3\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1836\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1728
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1728\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3456
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1728\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5184
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1728\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6912
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1728\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Receipt of documents to hearing (Centrelink reviews)\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
2 weeks \'b2\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 4.4\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 4.1\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 5.9\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1836\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1728
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1728\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3456
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1728\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5184
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1728\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6912
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1728\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Last day of hearing/date of receipt of further material \uc0\u8232 to making of decision (child support reviews)\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
1 week\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 0.42\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 2.0\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 1.4\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1836\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1728
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1728\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3456
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1728\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5184
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1728\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6912
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1728\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Last day of hearing/date of receipt of further material \uc0\u8232 to making of decision (Centrelink reviews)\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
1 week\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 0.04\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 1.3\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 1.6\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1836\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1728
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1728\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3456
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1728\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5184
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1728\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6912
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1728\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Making of decision to giving reasons for decision\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
14 days\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 >99%\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 >99%\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 >99%\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1836\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1728
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1728\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3456
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1728\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5184
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1728\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6912
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1728\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Registration to finalisation (Centrelink reviews)\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
10 weeks\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 8.3\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 7.5\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 7.8\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1836\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1728
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1728\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3456
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1728\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5184
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1728\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6912
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1728\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Registration to finalisation (child support reviews)\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
15 weeks\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 12.7\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 12.5\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 10.7\cell \lastrow\row
\pard\tx160\pardeftab720\ri2\sl160
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\
\
1 	The Secretary must \'93send\'94 the documents within 28 days. \
\pard\tx160\pardeftab720\ri2\sl160

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-1
2 \uc0\u8232 	\u8232 These are the minimum times for steps in a review in which the applicant (and any other party) is ready to proceed and fully complies with \u8232 any directions. \
\pard\tx160\pardeftab720\ri2\sl160
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
3 	This time can be abridged if the parties fully comply with directions given at the directions hearing.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl210\sa113

\fs18 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Most applicants want reviews to be heard quickly. Where payment is made by Centrelink pending review, the Principal Member was required by statute to take reasonable steps to ensure that the review was finalised quickly. As stated in previous annual reports, the SSAT was working to achieve an average time of eight weeks for those Centrelink reviews, and an average of twelve weeks for those child support reviews which are finalised by a decision 
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
after a hearing
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
.  \
This goal ceased to be achievable with the very significant increase in the number of applications for review (22%) and the reduction in the SSAT\'92s membership during the past two years. In those circumstances, the average time from registration to finalisation of applications (which includes finalisations without a hearing) for review in Table 8 above is laudable but it is unlikely to be sustainable. As Table 8 also shows, the average time between receipt of the documents for a review and the hearing has increased particularly for reviews of Centrelink decisions. This increase occurred in spite of the allocation of applications for review to national Lists for a significant part of the reporting period so that reviews were increasingly being heard by telephone across State boundaries. \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl260\sb170\sa57

\b\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Informality\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl210\sa113

\b0\fs18 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
In reviewing a decision, the SSAT was not bound by legal technicalities, legal forms or rules of evidence.\
The SSAT conducted its hearings in rooms which do not have the formality of a court room. SSAT members elicited evidence by asking questions of applicants and any other parties. The Secretary and Child Support Registrar did not participate in hearings unless ordered by a delegate of the SSAT Principal Member to provide oral submissions. Such orders were made very rarely and such participation was limited to the making of submissions. The representative of the Secretary or the Child Support Registrar was never permitted to question a party.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl260\sb170\sa57

\b\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Fairness \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl210\sa113

\b0\fs18 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
The SSAT ensured that parties received a copy of all of the material which was before the SSAT at the hearing, or which was received by the SSAT (and was to be taken into account) after the hearing.\
In child support reviews, it is common for a party to object to the other parent being given a copy of his or her material. The 
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
SSAT Child Support Review General Directions 2012 
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
required that a copy of a relevant document given to the SSAT by a party be given to the other party but permitted a party to request the SSAT not to disclose information in a document. The request had to be refused if withholding the information from the other party could have adversely affected the fairness of the review.\
The 
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
SSAT Child Support Review General Directions 2012
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
 also required that a copy of documents obtained by the SSAT in exercise of powers of the SSAT Principal Member be given to the parties to a child support review. The General Directions required the obliteration of some information in all cases (such as tax file numbers and certain other numbers) and further information in other cases (such as a party\'92s residential address and other contact details if there was a family violence order to protect that party if the information was not publicly available and there was a history of family violence).\
The SSAT ensured that the parties to a child support review were given an equal opportunity to present their case at the hearing irrespective of whether one of the parties was legally represented. The representative was not permitted to question a party or witness but could ask the SSAT to put a particular question to the party or witness.\
Where necessary to afford a fair hearing, the SSAT arranged the services of an interpreter (usually qualified at NAATI Level 3) to assist an applicant or other party at no cost to that person. The SSAT engaged an interpreter on 921 occasions at a cost of $180,706 in the reporting period compared to 693 occasions at a cost of $157,853 in the previous year. The most common languages in which interpreting services were required were Arabic and Mandarin. Interpreting was also provided in AUSLAN for hearing impaired parties.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl180\sb113\sa170

\b\fs16 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Table 9 Interpreter statistics 2014-15\

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2988\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2880\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2880\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl180
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Hearing \uc0\u8232 location\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl180\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Interpreters \uc0\u8232 used\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl180\qr
\cf0 Cost\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2988\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2880\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2880\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1

\b0 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
NSW/ACT\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
549\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 $97,169\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2988\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2880\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2880\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
QLD/NT\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
26\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 $9,460\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2988\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2880\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2880\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
WA/SA\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
92\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 $17,366\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2988\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2880\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2880\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
VIC/TAS\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
254\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 $56,711\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2988\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2880\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2880\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
TOTAL\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
921\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 $180,706\cell \lastrow\row
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl210\sa113
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl260\sb170\sa57

\b\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Justice\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\sb113\sa57

\b0\fs20 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Access to justice\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl210\sa113

\fs18 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Over the years, the SSAT sought to improve access to justice through meetings, presentations, and other activities to raise awareness of the availability of review by the SSAT. A list of these activities on a State by State basis is included as Appendix 10. Due to the increase in the SSAT\'92s review workload, the reduction in its resources and preparations for the tribunals\'92 amalgamation, that list is shorter than in the previous year. \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri59\sl210\sa113
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
The Legal Aid advice service continued at the SSAT\'92s registries in Sydney, Melbourne and Brisbane.  The SSAT assisted Legal Aid NSW by providing information to a consultant conducting an evaluation of its service, but the evaluation was not finalised in the reporting period. \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl210\sa113
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
All of the SSAT\'92s premises were wheelchair accessible. The SSAT provided teletypewriter and hearing loop services as well as AUSLAN interpreting on request. Applicants and other parties were invited to advise the SSAT of any special needs.\
In addition to its hearings in all capital cities, the SSAT held hearings in Newcastle, Wollongong, Canberra, and Darwin.\
The SSAT also held hearings via video conference with parties in Albury, Armidale, Batemans Bay, Bathurst, Bega, Bundaberg, Burdekin, Cairns, Coffs Harbour, Cooma, Coonamble, Cootamundra, Darwin, Dunedoo, Gladstone, Gosford, Griffith, Gunnedah, Hervey Bay, Kempsey, Leeton, Lismore, Lithgow, Mackay, Maryborough, Moruya, Mudgee,  Muswellbrook, Orange, Parkes, Port Macquarie, Rockhampton, Rylstone, Tamworth, Taree, Toowoomba, Townsville, Ulladulla, Wagga Wagga, Wauchope, Wyong, and Yass. \
Apart from facilitating access to the Legal Aid advice service, the SSAT did not arrange legal assistance but provided details of community legal centres to those seeking legal assistance.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\sb113\sa57

\fs20 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Correct and preferable decision\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl210\sa113

\fs18 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
The SSAT made its decision on the evidence and material which was before the SSAT. It was not limited to the evidence and material which was before the decision-maker.\
There are no objective and quantitative measures of whether the SSAT\'92s decisions were correct or preferable on the information before the SSAT. However, the SSAT monitored the outcome of judicial review and further merits review as an indication of whether it was making the correct or preferable decisions.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri115\sl210\sa113
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
The avenues for further review depend on the Act under which the reviewable decision was made.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\sb113\sa57

\fs20 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Further merits review \'96 Centrelink decisions\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl210\sa113

\fs18 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
The decision of the SSAT on the review of a Centrelink decision could be the subject of an application for merits review by the AAT. Like the SSAT, the AAT made its decisions on the evidence which was before it. The Secretary and the applicants often gave the AAT documents and reports which were not given to the SSAT. \
Policy changes increase the number of applications to the SSAT for review of Centrelink decisions and, in turn, the number of applications to the AAT for review of the SSAT\'92s decisions.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl180\sb113\sa170

\b\fs16 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Table 10 Applications to the AAT for review of SSAT decisions in Centrelink cases\

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2268\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2160
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2160\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2160\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6480
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2160\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl180
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Number and outcomes of applications to the AAT\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl180\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
2012-13
\b0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
^
\b \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl180\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
2013-14
\b0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
^^
\b \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl180\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
2014-15
\b0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
^^^
\b \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2268\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2160
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2160\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2160\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6480
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2160\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1

\b0 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Number of applications to the AAT \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
1,874\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 2,004\kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\super 1\kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\nosupersub \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
2,337\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2268\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2160
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2160\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2160\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6480
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2160\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Applications finalised by the AAT\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
1,684\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 1,966\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 2,143\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2268\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2160
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2160\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2160\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6480
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2160\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Decisions set aside/varied by consent (as % of total applications finalised)\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
16%\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 17%\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 14%\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2268\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2160
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2160\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2160\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6480
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2160\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Decisions affirmed on review (as % of Centrelink decisions reviewed) \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\super 2\kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\nosupersub \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
80%\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 80%\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 87%\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2268\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2160
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2160\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2160\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6480
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2160\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Decisions set aside/varied on review (as % of Centrelink decisions reviewed) \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\super 2\kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\nosupersub \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
20%\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 20%\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 13%\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2268\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2160
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2160\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2160\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6480
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2160\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Decisions set aside/varied on review (as % of total applications finalised) \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\super 2\kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\nosupersub \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
4%\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 5%\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 3%\cell \lastrow\row
\pard\tx160\pardeftab720\ri2\sl160
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\
\
Source: The AAT General Division.\
\pard\tx240\pardeftab720\ri2\sl160

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
^      Includes 20 applications for review of PPL decisions (all of which were withdrawn or dismissed).\
^^    Includes 17 applications for review of PPL decisions (of which one was affirmed; sixteen withdrawn or dismissed).\
^^^  Includes 14 applications for review of PPL decisions (of which two were affirmed; two set aside or varied; and 10 withdrawn or dismissed).\
1      The increase was in applications for review of decisions about DSP and overpayments/debt recovery.\
2 	\'93On review\'94 means by a decision of the AAT other than a decision by consent.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl210\sa113

\fs18 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\
The number of applications for review by the AAT of decisions of the SSAT on reviews of Centrelink decisions rose by 17% in 2014-15.  However, this increase was substantially less than the increase in the number of such applications to the SSAT for review of Centrelink decisions (24%) and consisted primarily of applications for review of decisions about disability support pension and of decisions about debts.\
The AAT changes some decisions of the SSAT to give effect to an agreement between the parties. These are referred to as decisions set aside or varied by consent in Table 10. As that table shows, the percentage of decisions of the SSAT which were set aside or varied after the AAT reviewed the decision (which is referred to as \'93on review\'94) fell significantly in the reporting period.\
Decisions of the AAT are published on AustLII. Of the 51 published decisions in which the AAT reviewed a decision of the SSAT and then varied or set aside the SSAT\'92s decision in the reporting period, the SSAT has identified one decision as involving an error in interpretation or application of the law by the SSAT. That one decision amounts to less than 1% of the 353 decisions of the SSAT reviewed by the AAT.\
In the remainder of the cases in which the AAT set aside or varied a decision of the SSAT (after review), the AAT took a different view of the evidence or was given evidence by a party which had not been provided to the SSAT. In cases involving disability support pension, the applicant or the Secretary frequently obtain further medical evidence for the purposes of the review by the AAT.\
In early 2013, the President of the AAT put in place a procedure whereby if the Secretary (through DHS) conceded that the SSAT made an error of law, the Department would lodge a statement of the error of law with the proposed consent orders and a copy of that statement would be given to the SSAT. The SSAT did not receive any such statement. \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\sb113\sa57

\fs20 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Applications to the AAT made \uc0\u8232 by the Secretary\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl210\sa113

\fs18 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
In 2014-15, the Secretary lodged 104 applications for review by the AAT of decisions of the SSAT and the AAT finalised 48 such applications for review as set out in Table 11. \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl180\sb113\sa170

\b\fs16 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Table 11 Outcomes of applications by the Secretary to the AAT for review of SSAT decisions in Centrelink cases\

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvmgf \clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1836\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1728
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1728\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3456
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1728\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5184
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1728\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6912
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1728\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl180
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Outcomes\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl180\qc
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Year finalised*\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvmrg \clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1836\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1728
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1728\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3456
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1728\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5184
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1728\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6912
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1728\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\cell
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl180\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
2011-12\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl180\qr
\cf0 2012-13\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl180\qr
\cf0 2013-14\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl180\qr
\cf0 2014-15\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1836\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1728
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1728\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3456
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1728\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5184
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1728\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6912
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1728\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1

\b0 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Withdrawn\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
1\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 9\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 11\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 23\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1836\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1728
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1728\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3456
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1728\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5184
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1728\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6912
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1728\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Dismissed by consent\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
0\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 0\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 1\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 0\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1836\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1728
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1728\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3456
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1728\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5184
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1728\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6912
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1728\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Dismissed by operation of law\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
0\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 0\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 2\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 0\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1836\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1728
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1728\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3456
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1728\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5184
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1728\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6912
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1728\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Affirmed by consent\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
0\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 0\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 0\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 1\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1836\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1728
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1728\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3456
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1728\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5184
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1728\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6912
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1728\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Set aside by consent\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
1\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 3\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 2\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 6\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1836\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1728
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1728\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3456
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1728\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5184
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1728\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6912
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1728\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Affirmed after hearing\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
0\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 0\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 0\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 4\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1836\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1728
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1728\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3456
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1728\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5184
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1728\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6912
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1728\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Set aside after hearing\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
0\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 3\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0  6**\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 14\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1836\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1728
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1728\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3456
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1728\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5184
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1728\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6912
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1728\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
TOTAL\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
2\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 15\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 22**\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0  48\cell \lastrow\row
\pard\tx160\pardeftab720\ri2\sl160
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\
\
*   This table erroneously referred to \'93Year lodged\'94 in the previous report whereas the data is for finalisations. \
** These figures were inflated because the Secretary lodged five applications in respect of two decisions of the SSAT.
\fs14 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl210\sa113

\fs18 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
The reasons why the AAT set aside the SSAT\'92s decision after a hearing were:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ri2\sl210\sa113
\ls1\ilvl0
\i \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Secretary, Department of Social Services and Danaher
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
 [2014] AATA 448: New evidence, comprising \'93a detailed report from an Occupational Physician\'94, was given to the AAT by the Secretary. \
\ls1\ilvl0
\i \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Secretary, Department of Social Services and Swale 
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
[2014] AATA 554: New evidence, comprising a Trust Deed and related documents, was given to the AAT by the Secretary.\
\ls1\ilvl0
\i \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Secretary, Department of Social Services and McGee 
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
[2014] AATA 448: The SSAT made an error of law by treating a $3,153 payment in lieu of notice as a redundancy payment because the definition of \'93redundancy payment\'94 in the 
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Social Security Act 1991 
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
had been amended to exclude such a payment. \
\ls1\ilvl0
\i \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Secretary, Department of Social Services and Marwood 
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
[2014] AATA 686: The AAT rejected the opinion of a neuropsychologist as to the degree of the applicant\'92s impairment from memory loss from intracranial damage observing that:\
\pard\tx566\pardeftab720\ri2\sl210\sa113

\i \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
The Tables give rise to important nuances\uc0\u8722  and sometimes difficulties\u8722  in construction. An expert who expresses an opinion about a rating in a table implicitly asserts an accurate understanding of the table. It is of greater assistance to the Tribunal, in my opinion, when experts direct their attention mainly to the limitations of a person and avoid awarding points under the tables themselves.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ri2\sl210\sa113
\ls2\ilvl0
\i0 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
The AAT also rejected the applicant\'92s submission that the program of support requirements had been satisfied by participation for less than 18 months where the \'93involvement in a program of support is terminated only as an inevitable result of an election to settle a WorkCover claim for a lump sum\'94 and accepted the Secretary\'92s submission that the applicant could work 15 hours a week.\
\ls2\ilvl0
\i \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Secretary, Department of Social Services and Coulter 
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
[2014] AATA 686: In analogous circumstances to 
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Marwood
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
, the Secretary conceded that the applicant had completed a program of support. However, as the applicant was working 15 hours a week at the time of the AAT hearing (which was 18 months after the hearing by the SSAT), he did not qualify for DSP.\
\ls2\ilvl0
\i \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Secretary, Department of Social Services and Cooper 
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
[2015] AATA 41: The AAT declined to exercise the discretion to disregard any part of the lump sum compensation payment as having been made in light of the applicant\'92s expenditure or in light of the fact that the amount for economic loss in the settlement was less than 50% of the total sum. The AAT also expressly declined to adopt the approach recommended by Downes J in 
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Fuller and
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
 
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Secretary, Department of Family and Community Services
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
 [2004] AATA 615 to legal costs received with the settlement of a claim for compensation from the sum used to calculate the length of the preclusion period for those social security payments which are affected by receipt of compensation. \
\ls2\ilvl0
\i \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Secretary, Department of Social Services and Zimmerman 
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
[2015] AATA 110: The AAT found that the assistance offered to the 62 year old applicant, who did not qualify for newstart allowance due to the assets and income tests, by Northern Futures Inc did not answer \'93the description of a \'93program of support\'94, and, in particular, it was not assistance tailored to meet [his] level of impairment, individual needs, and barriers to employment, as required under the relevant determination\'94. The AAT also found that the applicant was physically capable of semi-sedentary work.\
\ls2\ilvl0
\i \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Secretary, Department of Social Services and Twentyman 
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
[2015] AATA 198: The AAT rejected the Secretary\'92s submission that the applicant\'92s condition was not fully stabilised but found that it attracted \uc0\u8232 10 points rather than the requisite 20 points as found by the SSAT.\
\ls2\ilvl0
\i \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Secretary, Department of Social Services and Melvin 
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
[2015] AATA 248: The primary issue was whether the applicant was \'93a member of a couple\'94 for a period from 1995 to 2011. On the additional evidence before it, the AAT found that the applicant was a member of a couple from 6 December 1999 to 8 May 2011. \
\ls2\ilvl0
\i \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Sidwell and Anor and Secretary, Department of Social Services and Anor 
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
[2015] AATA 402: The applicant had made two unsuccessful claims for DSP. The SSAT had affirmed the first refusal but set aside the second refusal. The applicant sought review of the SSAT\'92s decision on his first claim and the Secretary sought review of the SSAT\'92s decision on the second claim. The AAT affirmed the SSAT\'92s decision on the first claim. Both parties obtained additional expert evidence and the AAT preferred the opinion of the expert engaged by the Secretary, which resulted in the applicant having an impairment of 15 points rather than 20 points so that his second claim was refused. \
\ls2\ilvl0
\i \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Secretary, Department of Social Services and Anwar 
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
[2015] AATA 413: The SSAT decided that the applicant\'92s DSP should not have been suspended and then cancelled, due to his being overseas, with effect from 5 March 2014. The AAT decided that DSP should not have been cancelled and that it was payable from 5 April 2014.\
\ls2\ilvl0
\i \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Secretary, Department of Social Services and Stark 
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
[2015] AATA 424: The Secretary obtained additional expert opinion after the SSAT\'92s decision. The AAT preferred that opinion to that of treating experts and found that the applicant\'92s DSP was correctly cancelled because his impairment attracted 10 points rather than the requisite 20 points.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ri2\sl210\sa170
\ls2\ilvl0
\i \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Secretary, Department of Social Services and Austin 
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
[2015] AATA 441: The Secretary relied on additional expert opinion obtained after the SSAT\'92s decision. The AAT rejected the Secretary\'92s submission that the applicant\'92s spinal condition was not fully diagnosed, treated and stabilised. However, the AAT found that the applicant\'92s condition attracted 20 points under two different Tables and that he did not qualify for DSP because he had not completed a program of support.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl210\sa113
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
In addition, a decision of the SSAT about special benefit was changed by the AAT for reasons unknown to the SSAT as the AAT delivered oral reasons.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\sb113\sa57

\fs20 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Further merits review \'96 child support \uc0\u8232 (care percentage)\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl210\sa113

\fs18 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
The decision of the SSAT on the review of most child support decisions could not be the subject of further merits review by the AAT. The only exception was a decision which involved the percentage of care which each parent (or the parent liable to pay child support and the non-parent carer) provided to the child or children. \
Additionally, if the Principal Member refused to grant an extension of time to apply for review by the SSAT of a child support decision, the applicant had the right to apply to the AAT for review of this decision.  The Principal Member had delegated this power to full-time members of the SSAT.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri59\sl210\sa113
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Table 12 shows the outcome of applications to the AAT for review of decisions of the SSAT about the percentage of care, and for review of refusals by a delegate of the Principal Member of an extension of time in which to seek review by the SSAT of a child support decision.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\sb113\sa57

\fs20 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Judicial review \'96 child support \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl210\sa113

\fs18 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
In the reporting period, statutory appeals were filed in the Federal Circuit Court of Australia against 28 of the SSAT\'92s decisions and in the Family Court of Western Australia against three of the SSAT\'92s decisions. This was a fall of 33% from the previous year.\
The Federal Circuit Court finalised 25 appeals and set aside five decisions of the SSAT, one by consent. Proceedings were also commenced (but discontinued) in the Federal Circuit Court seeking review of a decision made by a delegate of the Principal Member. \
The Family Court of Australia dismissed two appeals and the Family Court of Western Australia (or the Magistrates Court of Western Australia) dismissed one appeal.  \
\pard\tx160\pardeftab720\ri2\sl160

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl210\sa113

\fs18 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
In 
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Benson & Benson & Anor (SSAT Appeal)
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
 [2014] FCCA 2398, the Federal Circuit Court found error on the \'93narrow point\'94 that the SSAT had misconstrued regulation 5D(g) of the 
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Child Support (Registration and Collection) Regulations 1988
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
. \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl180\sb113\sa170

\b\fs16 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Table 12 Applications to the AAT for review of SSAT decisions in child support cases\

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvmgf \clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1342\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1234
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1234\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2468
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1234\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3702
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1235\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4937
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1234\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6171
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1234\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7405
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1235\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl180
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
AAT Applications\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl180\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Extension of time decisions\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl180\qr
\cf0 Percentage of care decisions\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvmrg \clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1342\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1234
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1234\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2468
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1234\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3702
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1235\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4937
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1234\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6171
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1234\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7405
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1235\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\cell
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl180\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
2012-13\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl180\qr
\cf0 2013-14\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl180\qr
\cf0 2014-15\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl180\qr
\cf0 2012-13\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl180\qr
\cf0 2013-14\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl180\qr
\cf0 2014-15\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1342\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1234
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1234\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2468
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1234\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3702
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1235\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4937
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1234\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6171
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1234\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7405
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1235\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1

\b0 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Applications to the AAT for review of \uc0\u8232 SSAT child support decisions\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
3\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 8\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 10\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 27\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 34\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 35\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1342\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1234
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1234\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2468
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1234\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3702
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1235\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4937
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1234\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6171
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1234\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7405
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1235\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Applications finalised by the AAT\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
4\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 5\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 9\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 32\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 31\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 27\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1342\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1234
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1234\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2468
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1234\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3702
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1235\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4937
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1234\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6171
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1234\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7405
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1235\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
SSAT decision affirmed \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
1\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 0\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 2\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 1\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 6\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 6\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1342\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1234
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1234\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2468
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1234\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3702
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1235\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4937
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1234\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6171
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1234\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7405
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1235\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
SSAT decision set aside/varied\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
2\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 1\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 3\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 8\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 5\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 9\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1342\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1234
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1234\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2468
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1234\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3702
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1235\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4937
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1234\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6171
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1234\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7405
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1235\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
SSAT decision withdrawn or dismissed \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
1\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 4\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 4\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 23\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 20\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 12\cell \lastrow\row
\pard\tx160\pardeftab720\ri2\sl160
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\
\
Source: AAT General Division.
\fs14 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl180\sb113\sa170

\b\fs16 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Table 13 Statutory appeals and judicial review applications \

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2268\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2160
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2160\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2160\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6480
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2160\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl180
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Number and outcomes of statutory appeals and judicial review (JR) applications \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl180\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
2012-13\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl180\qr
\cf0 2013-14\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl180\qr
\cf0 2014-15\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2268\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2160
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2160\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2160\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6480
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2160\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1

\b0 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Number of appeals & applications to the FamCA or FMCA/FCCA\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
35\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 44\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 29*\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2268\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2160
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2160\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2160\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6480
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2160\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Number finalised by the FamCA or FMCA/FCCA\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
      44^\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 35\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 28\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2268\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2160
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2160\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2160\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6480
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2160\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Number discontinued or dismissed\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
     39^\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 33\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 23\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2268\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2160
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2160\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2160\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6480
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2160\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Number allowed by consent \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
4\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0  2\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 1\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2268\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2160
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2160\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2160\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6480
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2160\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Number allowed after a hearing\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
2\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0  0\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 4\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2268\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2160
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2160\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2160\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6480
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2160\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1

\b \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Number and outcomes of statutory appeals (WA)
\b0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0

\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2268\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2160
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2160\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2160\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6480
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2160\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1

\fs16 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Number of appeals to the Family Court of WA (FCWA)\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
3\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0  4\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 3\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2268\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2160
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2160\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2160\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6480
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2160\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Appeals finalised by the FCWA or Magistrates Court WA\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
3\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0  4\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 1\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2268\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2160
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2160\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2160\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6480
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2160\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Appeals allowed by the FCWA or Magistrates Court WA\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
2\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0  0\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 0\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2268\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2160
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2160\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2160\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6480
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2160\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Success rate of appeals & JR applications all courts\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
        17%^\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0     5%\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 12%^^\cell \lastrow\row
\pard\tx160\pardeftab720\ri2\sl160
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\
\
^	These figures are different to those published in the 2012-13 report due to the SSAT being notified belatedly of some appeals having been finalised in the previous reporting period.\
^^	\uc0\u8232 The Family Court of Australia set aside orders of the Federal Circuit Court of Australia and thereby restored the SSAT\'92s decision in one matter.\
*	Includes one proceeding commenced but discontinued in the FCCA.
\fs14 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl210\sa113

\fs18 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\
The other three orders of the Federal Circuit Court that set aside the SSAT\'92s decision were appealed to the Family Court of Australia by the Child Support Registrar (
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Morton & Morton & Anor (SSAT Appeal)
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
 [2014] FCCA 1737, 
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Scullin & Scullin & Anor (SSAT Appeal)
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
 [2014] FCCA 2941 and 
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Crowley & Stross & Anor (SSAT Appeal)
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
 [2014] FCCA 1540). \
The Full Court of the Family Court allowed the appeal from the orders made in 
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Crowley & Stross & Anor (SSAT Appeal)
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
 [2014] FCCA 1540. The decision of the Full Court is published as 
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Child Support Registrar & Crowley and Anor
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
 [2015] FamCAFC 76. \
The Child Support Registrar discontinued the appeal in 
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Morton & Morton & Anor (SSAT Appeal)
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
 [2014] FCCA 1737. The third appeal remains on foot. Pending the outcome of that appeal, the percentage of statutory appeals and judicial review applications which resulted in the decision of the SSAT being set aside was 12%. \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl260\sb170\sa57

\b\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Complaints\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl210\sa113

\b0\fs18 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
The registries received 121 complaints during the reporting period. \
Most complaints were about decisions made by the SSAT to which District Registrars or Deputy Principal Members responded by reiterating the avenues for further review available to a person dissatisfied with a decision of the SSAT. Some of the complaints were answered by the Principal Member.\
The National Office received 12 complaints. Most of these complaints were also about decisions of the SSAT and some complainants had already received a response from Deputy Principal Members that the SSAT would not (and could not) change its decision. \
The SSAT also received complaints that a party to a child support review had breached a non-disclosure direction made by the Principal Member (or a delegate of the Principal Member) under the 
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Child Support (Registration and Collection) Act 1989
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
. In most cases, it was apparent that what was alleged to have been disclosed was not a breach of the direction. One allegation was referred by the Principal Member for investigation by DSS. \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl600\sb113

\b\fs76 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\page CHAPTER 4 Management and Accountability\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl280\sb283\sa57

\fs28 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Governance\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri172\sl210\sa113

\b0\fs18 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
The Principal Member was responsible for the overall management and administration of the SSAT. \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl210\sa113
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
The Deputy Principal Members assisted the Principal Member in the management of applications for review and of issues relating to members. \
In 2014-15, the SSAT moved to management of applications for review in national Lists rather than on a geographic basis. There were three Lists each of which was managed by a Deputy Principal Member. \
The Registrar assisted the Principal Member in the management of the SSAT\'92s resources. The Registrar worked with the Deputy Registrar \'96 Tribunal Services, the District Registrars, and the Business Managers (located in the National Office) to develop nationally consistent procedures and adopt best practice in resource management.\
The Principal Member, Deputy Principal Members and the Registrar comprised the SSAT\'92s leadership group which met regularly.\
Members of the leadership group also chaired or participated in committees responsible for specific issues or projects.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl260\sb170\sa57

\b\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Committees\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl210\sa113

\b0\fs18 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
The SSAT had a Health and Safety Committee whose primary focus was fulfilment of the functions prescribed for such a committee by the 
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Work Health and Safety Act 2011
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
. \
Some registries had a Wellness Committee to encourage healthy practices in the workplace and organise some social activities.\
The Leadership Group planned continuing education activities for members.\
The Audit and Risk Committee was chaired by Mr Robert Cornall AO.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl280\sb283\sa57

\b\fs28 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
External scrutiny\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl210\sa113

\b0\fs18 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
The SSAT was not the subject of any report by the Auditor-General, a Parliamentary Committee, the Commonwealth Ombudsman or of an agency capability review during 2014-15. \
The outcomes of reviews of decisions of the SSAT on applications for review are addressed in Chapter Three. 
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl280\sb283\sa57

\i0\b\fs28 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Human resource management\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl260\sb170\sa57

\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Employer of staff\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl210\sa113

\b0\fs18 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Staff required to assist the SSAT were engaged by the Secretary of DSS under the 
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Public Service
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
 
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Act 1999
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
 and made available to the SSAT in accordance with clause 24 of Schedule 3 to the 
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Social
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
 
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Security (Administration) Act 1999
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
. In practice, employees were engaged by the Registrar in exercise of power delegated by the Secretary.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl260\sb170\sa57

\b\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Profile of staff\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl210\sa113

\b0\fs18 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
The number of employees at the SSAT, their gender and other equal employment opportunity data, and salary ranges is set out in Appendix 2. \
The full-time equivalent of staff (excluding persons on unpaid or unmanaged leave) at \uc0\u8232 30 June 2015 was 84.89 compared to 80.39 at 30 June 2014. As at 1 July 2015, the full-time equivalent was 81.81.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl260\sb170\sa57

\b\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Workforce planning, staff retention and turnover\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl210\sa113

\b0\fs18 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
DHS\'92 provision of the papers relevant to a review, rather than of files from which SSAT staff must extract relevant papers, meant that the SSAT no longer needed to confine its recruitment of case managers to Centrelink or the Child Support Agency. \
Staff turnover (exclusive of expiry of non-ongoing contracts and of voluntary redundancies which took effect prior to 1 July) was 13.6%. Turnover includes five staff who did not complete non-ongoing contracts.    \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl260\sb170\sa57

\b\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Workplace arrangements\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl210\sa113

\b0\fs18 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Although the 
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Social Security Appeals Tribunal (SSAT) Enterprise Agreement 2012 to 2014
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
 expired on 30 June 2014, it continued to have effect as no new agreement was negotiated and approved by Fair Work Australia. The Agreement did not provide for any increases in remuneration after 1 July 2013.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl260\sb170\sa57

\b\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Learning and development \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl210\sa113

\b0\fs18 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
During the reporting period, the main focus of staff learning and development was change readiness for the tribunals\'92 amalgamation on 1 July 2015.\
Workshops led by training officers of the SSAT and AAT, an APSC trainer or other external trainers were hosted by the amalgamating tribunals on:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ri2\sl210\sa113
\ls3\ilvl0\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Dealing with Change\
\ls3\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Planning and Managing Change\
\ls3\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Building Resilience at Work\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ri2\sl210\sa170
\ls3\ilvl0\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Constructive Conversations\
\pard\pardeftab720\li48\ri2\sl210\sa113
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Several staff completed an elearning Foundation Course in 
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Aboriginal & Torres Strait Islander Cultures and Societies.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl260\sb170\sa57

\i0\b\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Work health and safety (WHS) performance\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl210\sa113

\b0\fs18 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
During the reporting period, there were no notifiable incidents and no claims for workers\'92 compensation.\
The SSAT was not required to report on the matters set out in clause 4(2) of Schedule 2 to the 
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Work Health and Safety Act 2011 
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
(the WHS Act) because it was not a noncorporate Commonwealth entity (within the meaning of the 
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Public Governance, Performance and Accountability Act 2013
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
). However, a report is included as Appendix 5. \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl260\sb170\sa57

\b\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Productivity gains\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl210\sa113

\b0\fs18 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
The SSAT\'92s registry staff managed a significantly increased number of applications for review (22%). The SSAT finalised a significantly higher number of applications for review (8%). \
Use by applicants of the online lodgement facility increased to 11% of all applications lodged. DHS commenced electronic transfer to the SSAT of the documents relevant to a review using a searchable format. The SSAT\'92s case management system was enhanced so that the documents from DHS could be automatically attached to the record of the application for review to which they were relevant.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl280\sb283\sa57

\b\fs28 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Purchasing\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl210\sa113

\b0\fs18 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
The SSAT adheres to the 
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Commonwealth Procurement Guidelines \'96 January 2005 
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
which incorporates the Free Trade Agreement. Value for money is the core principle underpinning Australian Government procurement.\
The SSAT adheres to all Whole of Australian Government (WOAG) procurement contracts.\
The SSAT paid 95% of its accounts by electronic funds transfer with the remaining 5% paid by cheque.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl280\sb283\sa57

\b\fs28 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Consultants\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl210\sa113

\b0\fs18 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
During 2014-15, 11 new consultancy contracts were entered into and one existing contract continued, involving total actual expenditure \uc0\u8232 of $152,682. \
The SSAT employed consultants to undertake work requiring specialist or professional expertise not available internally. All consultants were engaged via limited tender. \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl180\sb113\sa170

\b\fs16 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\page Figure 4 SSAT consultancy expenditure\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl210\sa113

\b0\fs18 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Annual Reports contain information about actual expenditure on contracts for consultancies. Information on the value of contracts and consultancies is available on the AusTender website at {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.tenders.gov.au"}}{\fldrslt \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
www.tenders.gov.au}}.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl260\sb170\sa57

\b\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Contracts\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl210\sa113

\b0\fs18 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
During the reporting period, no contracts of $100,000 or more were let. No contracts in excess of $10,000 were exempt from being published in AusTender on the basis that they would have disclosed exempt matters under the 
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Freedom of Information Act 1982
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl260\sb170\sa57

\b\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Other information \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl210\sa113

\b0\fs18 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
As the SSAT was not a \'93public authority\'94 (as that expression is defined in the 
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Work Health and Safety Act 2011
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
), the SSAT was not required to include the matters listed in clause 4 of Schedule 2 of the
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
 Work Health and Safety Act 2011
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
 in its annual report. However, information regarding matters of that kind is included in Appendix 5.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl260\sb170\sa57

\b\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Advertising and market research\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl210\sa113

\b0\fs18 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
As the SSAT is not an agency within the meaning of the 
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Public Service Act 1999
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
, section 311A of the 
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Commonwealth Electoral Act 1918 
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
does not apply to the SSAT. Nevertheless, no advertising campaigns were undertaken by the SSAT in 2014-15 nor was there any expenditure on market research, polling or direct mail organisations. \
The SSAT placed advertisements in major newspapers for applications for appointment as a part-time member in Brisbane, Canberra, Melbourne, Perth, and Sydney and for appointment as a medically qualified part-time member in the State capitals. \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl260\sb170\sa57

\b\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Environmental performance reporting\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri172\sl210\sa113

\b0\fs18 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-2
The information required by section 516A of the 
\i \kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-2
Environment Protection and Biodiversity Conservation Act 1999
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-2
 is included in Appendix 6.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl260\sb170\sa57

\b\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Care reporting\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl210\sa113

\b0\fs18 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
The SSAT is not a public service care agency as defined in section 4 of the 
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Care Recognition Act 2010
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl260\sb170\sa57

\b\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Grants\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl210\sa113

\b0\fs18 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
The SSAT does not make any grants.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl260\sb170\sa57

\b\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Changes to disability reporting in annual reports \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl210\sa113

\b0\fs18 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Since 1994, Commonwealth departments and agencies have reported on their performance as policy adviser, purchaser, employer, regulator and provider under the Commonwealth Disability Strategy. In 2007-08, reporting on the employer role was transferred to the Australian Public Service Commission\'92s 
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
State of the Service Report
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
 and the 
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
APS Statistical Bulletin
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
. These reports are available at {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.apsc.gov.au"}}{\fldrslt \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
www.apsc.gov.au}}. From 2010-11, departments and agencies have no longer been required to report on these functions.\
The Commonwealth Disability Strategy has been overtaken by the National Disability Strategy 2010-2020, which sets out a ten year national policy framework to improve the lives of people with disability, promote participation and create a more inclusive society. A high level two-yearly report will track progress against each of the six outcome areas of the Strategy and present a picture of how people with disability are faring. These reports will be available at {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.dss.gov.au"}}{\fldrslt \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
www.dss.gov.au}}.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl260\sb170\sa57

\b\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Freedom of Information\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl210\sa113

\b0\fs18 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Agencies subject to the 
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Freedom of Information Act 1982
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
 (FOI Act) are required to publish information as part of the Information Publication Scheme (IPS). This requirement is in Part II of the FOI Act and has replaced the former requirement to publish a section 8 statement in an annual report. Each agency must display on its website a plan showing what information it publishes in accordance with the IPS requirements. The SSAT\'92s FOI Publication Plan was available online at {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.ssat.gov.au/information-publication-scheme"}}{\fldrslt \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
http://www.ssat.gov.au/information-publication-scheme}}. From 1 July 2015, this information is available online at {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.aat.gov.au/about-the-aat/information-publication-scheme"}}{\fldrslt \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
http://www.aat.gov.au/about-the-aat/information-publication-scheme}}. \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl600\sb113

\b\fs76 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\page Appendix 1\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl280\sb283\sa57

\fs28 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Members of the SSAT at 30 June 2015\

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4320\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl180

\fs16 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Member Name\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl180\qc
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Status\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4320\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl180
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
National Office\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0

\b0\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4320\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl180

\b\fs16 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Principal Member\
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1

\b0 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Jane Macdonnell  
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
BA, LLB (Hons) 
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qc
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\
Full-time\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4320\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl180

\b \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Australian Capital Territory\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0

\b0\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4320\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1

\fs16 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Keith Horsley ^^  
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
MBBS, MPubAdmin
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qc
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Part-time\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4320\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Frances Staden  
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
BA (Hons), BPhil
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qc
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Part-time\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4320\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl180

\b \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
New South Wales\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0

\b0\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4320\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl180

\b\fs16 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Deputy Principal Member\
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1

\b0 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Suellen Bullock  
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
BSocStud
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qc
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\
Full-time\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4320\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Diana Benk  
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
DipLaw, GradDipLegPrac, FANZCN \'96 Acc Spec Mediation, GradCertMediation, ProfCert Arbitration, Advanced Diploma Financial Services & CIP, GradDipInsurance, GradDipTaxation
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qc
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Full-time\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4320\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Jean Cuthbert  
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
LLM, LLB
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qc
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Full-time\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4320\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Gary Richardson  
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
BEc, LLB, GradDipLegPrac
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qc
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Full-time\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4320\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Kate Timbs ^^^  
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
BA, LLB, CertBusStud (IR), GradDipLegPrac
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qc
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Full-time\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4320\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Angela Beckett  
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
BLegStud (Hons), GradDipLegPrac, BA (Hons), Diploma in Child Psychiatry, MClinPsych
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qc
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Part-time\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4320\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Timothy Bohane  
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
MB BS, MRACP, FRACP
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qc
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Part-time\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4320\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Tina Bubutievski  
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
BEc, LLB (Hons), GradDipLegPrac, CertIV Training & Assessment
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qc
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Part-time\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4320\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Emeritus Professor Terry Carney AO  
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
LLB (Hons), DipCrim, PhD
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qc
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Part-time\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4320\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Erika Cornwell  
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
BSW, Diploma of Family Therapy
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qc
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Part-time\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4320\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Jenny D\'92Arcy  
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
BCom, LLB
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qc
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Part-time\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4320\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Kruna Dordevic  
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
BA, BSocWk, LLB (Hons 1), GradDipLegPrac
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qc
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Part-time\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4320\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Kathryn Edmonds  
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
LLB, GradDipLegPra, BA
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qc
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Part-time\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4320\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Martin Glasson  
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
BAgr, MB BS (Hons), FRCS, FRACS
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qc
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Part-time\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4320\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Adam Halstead  
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
CPol, AssocDegLaw, MLLP
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qc
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Part-time\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4320\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Honorary Associate Professor Michael Horsburgh AM  
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
BA, DipSocWk, MSocWk, ThD
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qc
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Part-time\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4320\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Deborah Laver  
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
BSocWk
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qc
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Part-time\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4320\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Julia Leonard  
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Advanced Diploma in Community Service Management
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qc
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Part-time\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4320\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Susan Lewis  
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
LLB, BA, PTC
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qc
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Part-time\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4320\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Andrea Mant ^  
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
MBBS, MA, MD, FRACGP
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qc
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Part-time\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4320\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Sally Mayne  
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
BA, DipEd, LLB, DipLegPrac
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qc
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Part-time\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4320\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Jillian Moir  
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
BA (Hons), LLB, GradDipLegPra, BSc (Psych)
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qc
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Part-time\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4320\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Paul Ryan  
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
BBus (Acc/Ec)
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qc
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Part-time\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4320\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Angela Smith  
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
DipAcc
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qc
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Part-time\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4320\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Robin Taylor  
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
MBBS, MPH, FAFPHM, MBA
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qc
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Part-time\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4320\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl180

\b \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Northern Territory\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0

\b0\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4320\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1

\fs16 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Heather King  
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
BA (Social Work), GradDip Human Service Practice
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qc
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Part-time\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4320\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Ken Ross ^  
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
BA(Hons), BSocAdmin
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qc
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Part-time\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4320\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl180

\b \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Queensland\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0

\b0\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4320\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl180

\b\fs16 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Deputy Principal Member\
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1

\b0 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Jim Walsh  
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
LLB, GradCertMgt
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qc
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\
Full-time\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4320\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Kate Buxton  
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
LLB
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qc
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Full-time\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4320\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Matthew King  
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
LLM, GradDipLegPrac
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qc
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Full-time\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4320\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Simon Letch  
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
BBus (Accountancy), LLB (Hons), GradDipLegPrac
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qc
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Full-time\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4320\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Kaarina Ammala #  
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
BA, LLB
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qc
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Part-time\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4320\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Matt Amundsen  
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
BA, LLB
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qc
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Part-time\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4320\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Jane Bishop  
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
BA, BSc (Psych), LLB (Hons), DipMental Health Nursing, GradDipLegPrac
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qc
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Part-time\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4320\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Alexandra Bordujenko  
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
MBBS, MPH, FAFPHM
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qc
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Part-time\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4320\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Alex Byers  
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
BSc, BA (Hons), LLB
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qc
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Part-time\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4320\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Jennifer Cavanagh  
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
MBBS, FRACGP
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qc
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Part-time\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4320\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Glen Cranwell #  
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
GradDipBusAdmin, LLB, LLM, BSc 
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qc
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Part-time\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4320\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Professor John Devereux  
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
BA, LLB, (Hons), DPhil, Graduate Diploma in Military Law
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qc
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Part-time\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4320\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Neil Foster  
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
BA, LLB, GradCertArts 
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qc
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Part-time\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4320\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
David Gillespie  
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
BCom, LLB, LLM
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qc
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Part-time\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4320\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Jocelyn Green  
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
BA
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qc
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Part-time\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4320\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Beverley Grehan  
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
MBBS, Master of Health Administration
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qc
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Part-time\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4320\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Tina Guthrie  
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
LLB (Hons)
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qc
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Part-time\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4320\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Patricia Hall  
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
MSocWk, BSocWk
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qc
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Part-time\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4320\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Peter Jensen  
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
LLB
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qc
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Part-time\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4320\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Paul Kanowski  
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
BA, LLB (Hons), LLM
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qc
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Part-time\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4320\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Robert King  
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
BA, DipEd, MA (Clin Psych), PhD, FAPS
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qc
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Part-time\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4320\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
David McKelvey  
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
LLB (Hons), LLM
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qc
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Part-time\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4320\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Bryan Pickard  
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
BCom, BLegStud, LLM
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qc
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Part-time\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4320\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Stephen Pozzi  
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
BVSc, MBBS
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qc
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Part-time\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4320\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Annette Sheffield  
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
MSocAdmin, BSocWk
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qc
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Part-time\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4320\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Rosemary Stafford  
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
MBBS
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qc
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Part-time\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4320\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Susan Trotter  
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
LLB, BCom
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qc
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Part-time\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4320\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Patrick White  
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
BA, LLB, DipLegPrac
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qc
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Part-time\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4320\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Judith Williams  
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
LLB (Hons), Accredited Mediator
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qc
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Part-time\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4320\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl180

\b \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
South Australia\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0

\b0\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4320\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl180

\b\fs16 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Senior Member \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1

\b0 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Bruce Harvey  
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
BSc, BLaws(Hons)
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qc
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\
Full-time  \cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4320\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Joanne Bakas  
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
GradDipLegPrac, LLB, BBus, GDipEd, BA
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qc
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Part-time\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4320\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Steven Cullimore  
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
MA (Cantab.)
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qc
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Part-time\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4320\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Bronte Earl  
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
BSc
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qc
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Part-time\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4320\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Mark Fuller  
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
MBBS, BA
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qc
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Part-time\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4320\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Marten Kennedy  
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
BA, LLB (Hons), GradDipLegPrac
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qc
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Part-time\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4320\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Donna Lambden  
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
BSocWk (Hons), MSocWk
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qc
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Part-time\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4320\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Kate Millar  
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
BSocWk, LLB (Hons)
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qc
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Part-time\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4320\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Jennifer Strathearn  
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
BScWk, LLB (Hons)
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qc
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Part-time\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4320\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Bruce Swanson  
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
MBBS, BSc, BEc (Hons), MHA, FRACMA
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qc
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Part-time\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4320\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Yvonne Webb  
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
LLB, GradCertLegPrac, Professional Certificate in Arbitration & Mediation, GradCertHRMgt, \uc0\u8232 GradDipEd, DipT(Sec)
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qc
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Part-time\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4320\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Allison Windsor  
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
MBBS, MPH
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qc
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Part-time\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4320\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl180

\b \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Tasmania\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qc

\b0 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\'a0\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4320\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Michelle Baulch  
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
BEc, LLB, GradDipBusAdmin, GradDipLegPrac
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qc
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Part-time\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4320\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Christhilde Breheny  
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
BSc (Hons), BSocWk (Hons), PhD
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qc
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Part-time\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4320\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Lynne Cretan #  
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
BMedSc, MBBS
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qc
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Part-time\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4320\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Kay Rodda \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qc
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Part-time\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4320\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Andrea Schiwy  
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
BCom
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qc
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Part-time\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4320\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl180

\b \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Victoria\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qc

\b0 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\'a0\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4320\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl180

\b \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Deputy Principal Member\
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1

\b0 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Irene Tsiakas  
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
LLB
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qc
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\
Full-time\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4320\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Fiona Hewson  
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
MALP, BA 
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qc
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Full-time\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4320\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
John Longo  
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
GradDipLegPrac, LLB, BA (Hons), LLM
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qc
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Full-time\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4320\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Inge Sheck \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qc
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Full-time\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4320\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Robyn Anderson  
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
BCom
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qc
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Part-time\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4320\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
William Appleton  
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
MBBS (Hons), FRACMA
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qc
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Part-time\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4320\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Stephen Bertram  
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
MBAcc, GradDipBusMgt, BBA, DipBusAcc, DipFS, FCPA, RTA, Approved SMSF Auditor
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qc
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Part-time\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4320\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Wendy Boddison  
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
LLM, LLB
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qc
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Part-time\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4320\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Annette Brewer #  
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
BEc, LLB, Accredited Family Law Specialist
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qc
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Part-time\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4320\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Niall Cain  
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
MBBS, FRACP, FRCP (Edinburgh), FCCP
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qc
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Part-time\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4320\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Neill Campbell  
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
LLM, GradDip Practical Legal Training, LLB, BA
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qc
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Part-time\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4320\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Amanda Ducrou  
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
BA, LLB, MBA
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qc
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Part-time\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4320\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Margaret Fowler #  
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
BA, BSocWk, LLB
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qc
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Part-time\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4320\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Elaine Geraghty \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qc
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Part-time\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4320\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Anne Grant  
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
BJuris, LLB
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qc
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Part-time\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4320\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Helen Grutzner  
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
LLB (Hons), BA
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qc
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Part-time\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4320\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Tamara Hamilton-Noy  
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
BA (Hons), LLB, M Public & International Law
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qc
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Part-time\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4320\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Peter Higgins  
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
LLB, GradDipLegPrac, FCA, GradDipTech
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qc
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Part-time\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4320\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Stephen Lewinsky  
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
MBBS, GradDip Musculoskeletal Medicine
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qc
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Part-time\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4320\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Christopher Main  
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
MBBS, FRACGP
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qc
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Part-time\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4320\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Geoffrey Markov  
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
MBBS, FRACP
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qc
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Part-time\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4320\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Jack Nalpantidis  
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
BBehavSc, BSocWk, MBA, National Mediator Accreditation Standards (NMAS) Accreditation 
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qc
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Part-time\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4320\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Paul Noonan  
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
BA, BBusAcc
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qc
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Part-time\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4320\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Sophia Panagiotidis  
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
BA, DipCommunity Development, DipTeaching
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qc
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Part-time\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4320\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Aruna Reddy  
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
MBBS, FRANZCP
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qc
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Part-time\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4320\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Robert Richards  
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
DipBus (Acc), CPA
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qc
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Part-time\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4320\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Harry Schwarz  
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
BA, MBBS, MPH
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qc
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Part-time\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4320\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Alison Smith  
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
BA (Hons), LLB
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qc
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Part-time\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4320\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
David Stevens  
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Council of Legal Education course for articled clerks
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qc
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Part-time\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4320\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Andrea Treble  
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
BA, LLB, MPolLaw, PhD
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qc
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Part-time\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4320\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Peter Vlahos  
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
BJuris, LLB, PostGradDip International Law, PostGradDipArts (Politics)
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qc
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Part-time\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4320\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Kenneth Warren  
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
BBus, CPA
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qc
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Part-time\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4320\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl180

\b \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Western Australia\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qc

\b0 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\'a0\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4320\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Rosetta Petrucci  
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
LLM (Merit), LLB (Hons), MBus, BBus, CTA, FCPA, AIAMA
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qc
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Full-time\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4320\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Stephanie Brakespeare  
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
BA, GradCertPubPolicy, IAMA Certificate in Mediation
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qc
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Part-time\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4320\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
William Budiselik  
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
BAppSc (Social Work), GradDipBusAdmin, PhD, MIAMA
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qc
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Part-time\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4320\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Anne Donnelly  
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
MBBS, GradDipHlthAdmin
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qc
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Part-time\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4320\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Susan Hoffman  
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
BA (Hons), Master of Leadership, PhD
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qc
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Part-time\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4320\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Michael Jones  
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
MB, ChB, D(obst) RCOG
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qc
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Part-time\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4320\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Christine Kannis  
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
BJuris, LLB, BCom
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qc
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Part-time\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4320\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Maxina Martellotta  
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
BJuris (Hons), LLB (Hons), The Practitioner\'92s Certificate in Mediation (IAMA)
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qc
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Part-time\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4320\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Professor Julie Quinlivan  
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
MBBS, PhD, FRANZCOG
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qc
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Part-time\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4320\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Mark Woodacre  
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
GDipPA, GradDipEd, BA
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qc
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Part-time\cell \lastrow\row
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720\ri2\sl210\sa113

\fs28 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\
\pard\tx300\pardeftab720\ri2\sl160

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
 ^   	Member resigned on or shortly after 30 June 2015. \
^^   	Member term expired on 4 July 2015.\
^^^ 	Member was appointed as a full-time member of another tribunal in June 2015.\
#     	Member not available to hear reviews. \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl210\sa113

\fs18 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl210\sa200
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl600\sb113

\b\fs76 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\page Appendix 2\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl280\sb283\sa57

\fs28 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
SSAT staffing at 30 June 2015\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl180\sb113\sa170

\fs16 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Employment by gender and registry at June 30 2015\

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth972\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx864
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth864\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1728
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth864\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2592
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth864\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3456
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth864\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth864\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5184
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth864\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6048
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth864\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6912
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth864\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7776
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth864\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl180
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
APS Classification\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl180\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Male\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl180\qr
\cf0 Female\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl180\qr
\cf0 NO*\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl180\qr
\cf0 NSW\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl180\qr
\cf0 QLD\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl180\qr
\cf0 SA\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl180\qr
\cf0 VIC/TAS^\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl180\qr
\cf0 WA\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl180\qr
\cf0 Total\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth972\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx864
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth864\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1728
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth864\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2592
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth864\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3456
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth864\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth864\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5184
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth864\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6048
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth864\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6912
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth864\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7776
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth864\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1

\b0 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
APS 1\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
0\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 1\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 0\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 0\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 0\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 1\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 0\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 0\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 1\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth972\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx864
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth864\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1728
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth864\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2592
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth864\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3456
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth864\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth864\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5184
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth864\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6048
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth864\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6912
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth864\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7776
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth864\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
APS 2\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
0\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 9\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 1\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 3\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 1\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 1\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 3\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 0\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 9\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth972\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx864
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth864\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1728
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth864\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2592
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth864\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3456
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth864\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth864\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5184
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth864\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6048
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth864\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6912
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth864\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7776
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth864\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
APS 3\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
3\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 4\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 7\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 0\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 0\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 0\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 0\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 0\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 7\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth972\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx864
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth864\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1728
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth864\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2592
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth864\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3456
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth864\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth864\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5184
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth864\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6048
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth864\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6912
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth864\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7776
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth864\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
APS 4\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
10\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 29\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 1\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 9\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 10\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 3\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 12\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 4\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 39\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth972\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx864
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth864\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1728
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth864\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2592
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth864\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3456
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth864\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth864\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5184
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth864\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6048
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth864\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6912
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth864\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7776
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth864\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
APS 5\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
1\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 0\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 1\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 0\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 0\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 0\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 0\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 0\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 1\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth972\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx864
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth864\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1728
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth864\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2592
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth864\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3456
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth864\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth864\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5184
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth864\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6048
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth864\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6912
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth864\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7776
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth864\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
APS 6\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
11\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 9\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 11\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 4\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 1\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 1\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 2\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 1\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 20\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth972\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx864
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth864\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1728
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth864\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2592
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth864\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3456
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth864\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth864\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5184
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth864\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6048
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth864\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6912
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth864\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7776
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth864\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
EL 1\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
4\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 5\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 5\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 1\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 1\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 1\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 1\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 0\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 9\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth972\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx864
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth864\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1728
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth864\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2592
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth864\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3456
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth864\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth864\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5184
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth864\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6048
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth864\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6912
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth864\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7776
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth864\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
EL 2\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
4\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 1\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 5\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 0\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 0\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 0\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 0\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 0\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 5\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth972\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx864
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth864\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1728
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth864\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2592
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth864\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3456
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth864\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth864\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5184
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth864\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6048
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth864\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6912
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth864\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7776
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth864\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
SES Band 1\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
0\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 1\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 1\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 0\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 0\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 0\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 0\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 0\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 1\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth972\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx864
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth864\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1728
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth864\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2592
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth864\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3456
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth864\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth864\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5184
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth864\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6048
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth864\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6912
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth864\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7776
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth864\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Total\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
33\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 59\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 32\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 17\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 13\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 7\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 18\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 5\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 92\cell \lastrow\row
\pard\tx160\pardeftab720\ri2\sl160
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\
\
\pard\tx140\pardeftab720\ri2\sl160

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
* 	National Office\
^ 	2 staff in Tas; 16 staff in Vic\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl210

\fs8 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl180\sb113\sa170

\b\fs16 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Equal employment opportunity data at June 30 2015\

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4320\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl180
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Description\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0

\b0\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4320\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1

\fs16 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
2\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4320\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Non-English-speaking background\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
16\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4320\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
People with disabilities\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
5\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4320\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Total \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
23\cell \lastrow\row
\pard\tx160\pardeftab720\ri2\sl160
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl210\sb80\sa80

\fs8 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl180\sb113\sa170

\b\fs16 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Employment status at June 30 2015\

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1188\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1080
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1080\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2160
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1080\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3240
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1080\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1080\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5400
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1080\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6480
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1080\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7560
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1080\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl180
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Classification\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl180\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Salary Range\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl180\qr
\cf0 Ongoing\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl180\qr
\cf0 Non-ongoing\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl180\qr
\cf0 Full-time\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl180\qr
\cf0 Part-time\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl180\qr
\cf0 IFAs^\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1188\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1080
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1080\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2160
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1080\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3240
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1080\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1080\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5400
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1080\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6480
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1080\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7560
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1080\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1

\b0 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
APS 1\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
$44,137 -\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
$48,635\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
1\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 1\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 1\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 1\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 0\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1188\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1080
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1080\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2160
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1080\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3240
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1080\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1080\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5400
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1080\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6480
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1080\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7560
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1080\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
APS 2\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
$50, 887 -\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
$55,389\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
7\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 2\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 8\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 1\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 0\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1188\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1080
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1080\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2160
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1080\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3240
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1080\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1080\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5400
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1080\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6480
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1080\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7560
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1080\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
APS 3\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
$58,726  -\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
$63,342\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
0\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 7\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 0\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 7\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 0\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1188\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1080
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1080\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2160
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1080\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3240
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1080\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1080\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5400
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1080\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6480
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1080\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7560
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1080\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
APS 4\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
$65,629  -\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
$70,208\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
34\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 4\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 30\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 8\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 0\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1188\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1080
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1080\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2160
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1080\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3240
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1080\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1080\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5400
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1080\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6480
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1080\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7560
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1080\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
APS 5\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
$73,324  -\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
$76,461\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
1\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 0\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 1\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 0\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 0\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1188\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1080
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1080\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2160
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1080\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3240
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1080\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1080\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5400
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1080\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6480
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1080\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7560
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1080\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
APS 6\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
$79,281  -\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
$87,745\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
19\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 1\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 19\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 1\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 2\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1188\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1080
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1080\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2160
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1080\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3240
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1080\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1080\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5400
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1080\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6480
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1080\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7560
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1080\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
EL 1\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
$91,978  -\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
$105,740\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
9\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 0\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 8\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 1\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 1\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1188\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1080
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1080\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2160
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1080\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3240
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1080\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1080\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5400
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1080\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6480
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1080\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7560
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1080\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
EL 2\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
$114,455 -\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
$132,325*\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
5\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 0\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 5\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 0\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 2\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1188\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1080
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1080\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2160
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1080\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3240
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1080\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1080\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5400
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1080\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6480
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1080\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7560
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1080\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
SES Band 1\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
#\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0

\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs16 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
11\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 0\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 1\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 0\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 0\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1188\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1080
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1080\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2160
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1080\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3240
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1080\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1080\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5400
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1080\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6480
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1080\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7560
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1080\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Total\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0

\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs16 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
77\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 15\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 73\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 19\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 5\cell \lastrow\row
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl210\sa113

\fs18 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\
\pard\tx160\pardeftab720\ri2\sl160

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
*	\uc0\u8232 Progression to the maximum salary of Executive Level 2 could only be achieved where the Registrar is satisfied that the work value of the position justifies the higher salary point and the employee has managerial and/or professional technical skills to warrant movement to that level.\
^	Individual Flexibility Agreements. \
# 	\uc0\u8232 The Registrar\'92s remuneration was set by the Secretary of DSS, paid by DSS and included in SES remuneration in the Notes to DSS\'92s financial statements. \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl210\sa113

\fs18 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl600\sb113

\b\fs76 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\page Appendix 3\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl280\sb283\sa57

\fs28 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Application processing statistics\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl180\sb113\sa170

\fs16 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Centrelink\

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth893\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx785
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1570
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2356
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3141
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3927
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4712
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5498
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6283
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7069
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7854
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0

\b0\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl180\qr

\b\fs16 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
ACT\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl180\qr
\cf0 NSW\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl180\qr
\cf0 NT\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl180\qr
\cf0 QLD\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl180\qr
\cf0 SA\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl180\qr
\cf0 TAS\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl180\qr
\cf0 VIC\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl180\qr
\cf0 WA\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl180\qr
\cf0 TOTAL\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0

\b0\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth893\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx785
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1570
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2356
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3141
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3927
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4712
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5498
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6283
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7069
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7854
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1

\fs16 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-2
Lodged\kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
151\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 4,000\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 69\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 2,823\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 1,278\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 349\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 3,364\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 955\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 12,989\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0

\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth893\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx785
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1570
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2356
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3141
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3927
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4712
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5498
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6283
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7069
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7854
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1

\fs16 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-2
Finalised\kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
153\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 3,557\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 68\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 2,567\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 1,146\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 294\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 3,116\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 823\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 11,724\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0

\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth893\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx785
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1570
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2356
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3141
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3927
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4712
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5498
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6283
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7069
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7854
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth893\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx785
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1570
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2356
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3141
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3927
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4712
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5498
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6283
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7069
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7854
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1

\fs16 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-2
On hand at 1 July 2015\kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
30\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 1,063\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 10\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 579\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 283\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 98\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 677\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 253\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 2,993\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0

\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth893\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx785
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1570
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2356
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3141
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3927
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4712
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5498
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6283
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7069
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7854
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1

\fs16 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-2
Awaiting statement\kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
10\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 258\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 2\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 139\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 65\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 34\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 188\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 54\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 750\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0

\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth893\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx785
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1570
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2356
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3141
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3927
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4712
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5498
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6283
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7069
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7854
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1

\fs16 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-2
Awaiting appointment\kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
5\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 129\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 4\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 86\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 10\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 9\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 50\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 25\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 318\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0

\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth893\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx785
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1570
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2356
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3141
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3927
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4712
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5498
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6283
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7069
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7854
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1

\fs16 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-2
Awaiting hearing\kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
14\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 566\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 4\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 279\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 170\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 49\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 337\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 135\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 1,554\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0

\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth893\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx785
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1570
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2356
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3141
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3927
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4712
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5498
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6283
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7069
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7854
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1

\fs16 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-2
Adjourned\kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
1\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 48\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 0\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 25\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 12\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 0\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 29\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 9\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 124\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0

\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth893\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx785
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1570
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2356
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3141
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3927
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4712
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5498
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6283
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7069
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7854
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1

\fs16 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-2
Awaiting notification\kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
0\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 62\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 0\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 50\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 26\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 6\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 73\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 30\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 247\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0

\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth893\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx785
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1570
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2356
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3141
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3927
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4712
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5498
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6283
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7069
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7854
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth893\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx785
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1570
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2356
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3141
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3927
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4712
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5498
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6283
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7069
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7854
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1

\fs16 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-2
Total decisions reviewed:\kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
165\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 3,789\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 83\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 2,871\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 1,249\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 304\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 3,573\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 871\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 12,905\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0

\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth893\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx785
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1570
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2356
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3141
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3927
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4712
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5498
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6283
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7069
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7854
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1

\fs16 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-2
Set aside\kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
46\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 747\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 16\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 432\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 406\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 67\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 844\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 120\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 2,678\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0

\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth893\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx785
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1570
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2356
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3141
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3927
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4712
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5498
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6283
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7069
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7854
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1

\fs16 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-2
Varied \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
0\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 33\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 0\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 104\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 8\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 6\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 33\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 23\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 207\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0

\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth893\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx785
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1570
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2356
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3141
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3927
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4712
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5498
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6283
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7069
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7854
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1

\fs16 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-2
Affirmed\kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
86\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 2,354\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 48\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 1,741\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 655\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 198\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 2,086\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 578\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 7,746\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0

\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth893\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx785
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1570
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2356
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3141
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3927
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4712
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5498
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6283
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7069
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7854
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1

\fs16 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-2
Total decisions reviewed at hearing\kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
132\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 3,134\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 64\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 2,277\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 1,069\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 271\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 2,963\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 721\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 10,631\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0

\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth893\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx785
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1570
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2356
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3141
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3927
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4712
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5498
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6283
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7069
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7854
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1

\fs16 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-2
Not reviewable\kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
15\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 403\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 5\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 301\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 104\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 18\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 389\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 73\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 1,308\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0

\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth893\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx785
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1570
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2356
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3141
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3927
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4712
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5498
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6283
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7069
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7854
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1

\fs16 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-2
Withdrawn\kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
16\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 223\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 6\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 251\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 55\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 11\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 188\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 55\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 805\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0

\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth893\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx785
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1570
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2356
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3141
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3927
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4712
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5498
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6283
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7069
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7854
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1

\fs16 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-2
Dismissed\kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
2\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 29\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 8\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 42\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 21\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 4\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 33\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 22\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 161\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0

\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth893\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx785
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1570
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2356
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3141
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3927
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4712
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5498
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6283
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7069
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7854
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1

\fs16 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-2
Total decisions finalised \uc0\u8232 without hearing\kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
33\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 655\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 19\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 594\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 180\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 33\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 610\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 150\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 2,274\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0

\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth893\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx785
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1570
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2356
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3141
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3927
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4712
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5498
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6283
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7069
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7854
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth893\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx785
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1570
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2356
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3141
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3927
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4712
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5498
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6283
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7069
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7854
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl180

\b\fs16 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
2013-14\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth893\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx785
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1570
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2356
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3141
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3927
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4712
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5498
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6283
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7069
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7854
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1

\b0 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Set aside rate 1 (%)^\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
27.9%\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 20.6%\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 19.3%\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 18.7%\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 33.1%\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 24.0%\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 24.5%\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 16.4%\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 22.4%\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 22.3%\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth893\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx785
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1570
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2356
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3141
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3927
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4712
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5498
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6283
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7069
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7854
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Set aside rate 2 (%)^^\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
34.8%\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 24.9%\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 25.0%\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 23.5%\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 38.7%\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 26.9%\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 29.6%\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 19.8%\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 27.1%\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 27.6%\cell \lastrow\row
\pard\tx160\pardeftab720\ri2\sl160
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\
\pard\tx300\pardeftab720\ri2\sl160

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\
\pard\tx160\pardeftab720\ri2\sl160
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
^ 	Set aside + varied as a percentage of all decisions finalised\
^^ 	Set aside + varied as a percentage of set aside, varied & affirmed	\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl180\sb113\sa170

\b\fs16 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
PPL\

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth893\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx785
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1570
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2356
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3141
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3927
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4712
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5498
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6283
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7069
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7854
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0

\b0\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl180\qr

\b\fs16 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
ACT\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl180\qr
\cf0 NSW\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl180\qr
\cf0 NT\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl180\qr
\cf0 QLD\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl180\qr
\cf0 SA\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl180\qr
\cf0 TAS\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl180\qr
\cf0 VIC\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl180\qr
\cf0 WA\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl180\qr
\cf0 TOTAL\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0

\b0\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth893\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx785
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1570
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2356
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3141
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3927
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4712
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5498
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6283
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7069
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7854
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1

\fs16 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-2
Lodged\kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
5\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 66\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 2\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 36\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 14\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 5\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 60\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 23\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 211\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0

\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth893\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx785
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1570
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2356
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3141
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3927
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4712
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5498
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6283
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7069
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7854
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1

\fs16 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-2
Finalised\kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
5\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 55\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 2\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 29\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 12\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 5\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 48\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 20\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 176\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0

\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth893\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx785
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1570
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2356
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3141
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3927
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4712
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5498
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6283
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7069
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7854
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth893\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx785
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1570
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2356
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3141
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3927
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4712
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5498
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6283
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7069
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7854
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1

\fs16 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-2
On hand at 1 July 2015\kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
2\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 21\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 2\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 14\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 6\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 1\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 19\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 9\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 74\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0

\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth893\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx785
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1570
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2356
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3141
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3927
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4712
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5498
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6283
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7069
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7854
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1

\fs16 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-2
Awaiting statement\kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
0\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 6\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 2\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 1\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 4\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 1\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 3\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 4\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 21\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0

\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth893\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx785
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1570
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2356
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3141
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3927
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4712
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5498
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6283
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7069
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7854
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1

\fs16 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-2
Awaiting appointment\kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
0\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 2\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 0\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 0\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 0\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 0\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 0\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 0\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 2\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0

\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth893\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx785
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1570
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2356
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3141
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3927
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4712
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5498
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6283
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7069
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7854
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1

\fs16 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-2
Awaiting hearing\kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
2\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 13\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 0\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 12\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 2\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 0\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 16\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 5\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 50\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0

\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth893\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx785
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1570
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2356
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3141
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3927
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4712
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5498
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6283
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7069
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7854
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1

\fs16 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-2
Adjourned\kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
0\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 0\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 0\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 1\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 0\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 0\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 0\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 0\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 1\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0

\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth893\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx785
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1570
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2356
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3141
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3927
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4712
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5498
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6283
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7069
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7854
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1

\fs16 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-2
Awaiting notification\kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
0\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 0\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 0\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 0\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 0\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 0\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 0\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 0\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 0\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0

\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth893\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx785
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1570
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2356
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3141
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3927
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4712
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5498
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6283
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7069
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7854
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth893\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx785
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1570
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2356
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3141
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3927
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4712
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5498
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6283
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7069
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7854
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1

\fs16 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-2
Total decisions reviewed:\kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
5\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 55\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 2\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 30\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 12\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 5\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 53\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 20\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 182\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0

\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth893\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx785
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1570
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2356
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3141
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3927
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4712
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5498
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6283
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7069
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7854
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1

\fs16 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-2
Set aside\kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
1\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 9\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 0\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 5\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 2\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 2\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 11\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 0\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 30\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0

\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth893\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx785
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1570
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2356
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3141
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3927
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4712
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5498
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6283
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7069
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7854
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1

\fs16 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-2
Varied \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
0\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 0\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 0\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 0\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 0\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 0\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 0\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 0\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 0\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0

\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth893\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx785
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1570
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2356
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3141
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3927
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4712
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5498
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6283
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7069
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7854
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1

\fs16 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-2
Affirmed\kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
3\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 40\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 2\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 22\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 6\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 3\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 35\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 18\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 129\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0

\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth893\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx785
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1570
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2356
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3141
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3927
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4712
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5498
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6283
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7069
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7854
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1

\fs16 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-2
Total decisions reviewed at hearing\kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
4\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 49\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 2\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 27\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 8\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 5\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 46\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 18\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 159\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0

\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth893\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx785
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1570
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2356
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3141
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3927
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4712
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5498
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6283
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7069
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7854
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1

\fs16 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-2
Not reviewable\kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
1\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 6\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 0\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 2\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 1\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 0\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 3\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 2\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 15\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0

\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth893\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx785
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1570
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2356
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3141
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3927
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4712
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5498
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6283
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7069
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7854
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1

\fs16 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-2
Withdrawn\kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
0\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 0\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 0\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 1\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 3\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 0\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 4\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 0\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 8\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0

\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth893\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx785
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1570
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2356
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3141
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3927
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4712
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5498
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6283
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7069
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7854
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1

\fs16 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-2
Dismissed\kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
0\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 0\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 0\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 0\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 0\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 0\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 0\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 0\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 0\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0

\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth893\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx785
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1570
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2356
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3141
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3927
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4712
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5498
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6283
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7069
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7854
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1

\fs16 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-2
Total decisions finalised \uc0\u8232 without hearing\kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
1\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 6\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 0\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 3\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 4\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 0\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 7\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 2\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 23\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0

\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth893\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx785
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1570
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2356
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3141
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3927
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4712
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5498
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6283
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7069
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7854
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth893\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx785
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1570
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2356
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3141
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3927
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4712
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5498
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6283
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7069
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7854
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl180

\b\fs16 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
2013-14\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth893\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx785
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1570
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2356
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3141
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3927
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4712
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5498
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6283
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7069
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7854
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1

\b0 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-2
Set aside rate 1 (%)^\kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
20%\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 16%\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 0.0%\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 17%\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 17%\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 0.0%\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 20.8%\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 0.0%\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 16.5%\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 11.5%\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth893\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx785
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1570
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2356
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3141
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3927
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4712
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5498
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6283
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7069
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7854
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-2
Set aside rate 2 (%)^^\kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
25%\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 18%\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 0.0%\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 19%\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 25%\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 0.0%\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 23.9%\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 0.0%\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 18.9%\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 14.0%\cell \lastrow\row
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl210\sa113
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\
\pard\tx160\pardeftab720\ri2\sl160

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
^ 	Set aside + varied as a percentage of all decisions finalised\
^^ 	Set aside + varied as a percentage of set aside, varied & affirmed	\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl180\sb113\sa170

\b\fs16 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Child support\

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth893\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx785
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1570
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2356
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3141
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3927
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4712
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5498
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6283
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7069
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7854
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0

\b0\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl180\qr

\b\fs16 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
ACT\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl180\qr
\cf0 NSW\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl180\qr
\cf0 NT\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl180\qr
\cf0 QLD\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl180\qr
\cf0 SA\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl180\qr
\cf0 TAS\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl180\qr
\cf0 VIC\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl180\qr
\cf0 WA\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl180\qr
\cf0 TOTAL\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0

\b0\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth893\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx785
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1570
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2356
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3141
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3927
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4712
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5498
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6283
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7069
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7854
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1

\fs16 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-2
Lodged\kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
39\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 493\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 11\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 599\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 149\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 69\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 460\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 244\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 2,064\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0

\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth893\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx785
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1570
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2356
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3141
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3927
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4712
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5498
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6283
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7069
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7854
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1

\fs16 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-2
Finalised\kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
33\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 464\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 8\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 538\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 141\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 62\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 438\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 209\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 1,893\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0

\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth893\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx785
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1570
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2356
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3141
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3927
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4712
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5498
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6283
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7069
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7854
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth893\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx785
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1570
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2356
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3141
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3927
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4712
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5498
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6283
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7069
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7854
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1

\fs16 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-2
On hand at 1 July 2015\kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
17\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 122\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 5\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 128\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 35\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 17\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 104\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 71\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 499\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0

\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth893\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx785
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1570
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2356
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3141
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3927
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4712
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5498
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6283
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7069
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7854
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1

\fs16 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-2
Awaiting statement\kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
4\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 27\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 0\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 24\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 12\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 3\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 25\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 24\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 119\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0

\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth893\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx785
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1570
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2356
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3141
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3927
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4712
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5498
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6283
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7069
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7854
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1

\fs16 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-2
Awaiting appointment\kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
2\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 31\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 2\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 26\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 2\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 2\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 17\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 6\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 88\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0

\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth893\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx785
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1570
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2356
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3141
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3927
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4712
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5498
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6283
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7069
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7854
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1

\fs16 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-2
Awaiting hearing\kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
9\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 42\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 3\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 67\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 21\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 9\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 52\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 37\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 240\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0

\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth893\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx785
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1570
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2356
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3141
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3927
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4712
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5498
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6283
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7069
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7854
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1

\fs16 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-2
Adjourned\kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
2\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 14\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 0\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 8\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 0\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 3\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 5\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 1\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 33\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0

\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth893\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx785
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1570
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2356
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3141
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3927
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4712
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5498
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6283
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7069
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7854
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1

\fs16 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-2
Awaiting notification\kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
0\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 8\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 0\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 3\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 0\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 0\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 5\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 3\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 19\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0

\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth893\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx785
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1570
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2356
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3141
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3927
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4712
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5498
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6283
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7069
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7854
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth893\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx785
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1570
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2356
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3141
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3927
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4712
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5498
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6283
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7069
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7854
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1

\fs16 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-2
Total decisions reviewed\kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
33\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 464\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 8\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 538\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 141\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 62\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 438\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 209\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 1,893\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0

\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth893\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx785
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1570
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2356
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3141
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3927
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4712
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5498
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6283
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7069
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7854
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1

\fs16 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-2
Set aside\kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
11\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 158\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 0\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 168\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 64\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 24\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 152\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 60\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 637\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0

\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth893\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx785
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1570
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2356
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3141
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3927
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4712
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5498
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6283
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7069
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7854
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1

\fs16 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-2
Varied \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
1\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 16\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 1\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 38\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 3\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 3\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 16\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 25\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 103\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0

\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth893\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx785
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1570
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2356
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3141
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3927
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4712
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5498
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6283
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7069
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7854
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1

\fs16 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-2
Affirmed\kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
13\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 153\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 6\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 161\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 28\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 18\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 155\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 64\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 598\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0

\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth893\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx785
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1570
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2356
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3141
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3927
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4712
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5498
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6283
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7069
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7854
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1

\fs16 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-2
Total decisions reviewed at hearing\kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
25\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 327\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 7\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 367\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 95\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 45\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 323\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 149\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 1,338\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0

\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth893\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx785
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1570
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2356
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3141
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3927
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4712
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5498
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6283
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7069
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7854
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1

\fs16 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-2
Not reviewable\kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
4\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 61\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 0\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 69\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 15\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 7\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 46\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 29\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 231\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0

\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth893\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx785
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1570
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2356
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3141
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3927
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4712
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5498
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6283
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7069
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7854
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1

\fs16 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-2
Withdrawn\kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
1\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 68\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 0\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 63\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 24\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 8\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 57\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 20\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 241\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0

\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth893\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx785
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1570
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2356
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3141
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3927
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4712
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5498
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6283
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7069
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7854
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1

\fs16 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-2
Dismissed\kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
3\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 8\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 1\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 39\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 7\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 2\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 12\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 11\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 83\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0

\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth893\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx785
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1570
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2356
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3141
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3927
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4712
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5498
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6283
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7069
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7854
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1

\fs16 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-2
Total decisions finalised without hearing\kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
8\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 137\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 1\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 171\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 46\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 17\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 115\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 60\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 555\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0

\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth893\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx785
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1570
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2356
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3141
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3927
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4712
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5498
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6283
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7069
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7854
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth893\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx785
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1570
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2356
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3141
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3927
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4712
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5498
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6283
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7069
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7854
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl180

\b\fs16 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
2013-14\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth893\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx785
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1570
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2356
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3141
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3927
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4712
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5498
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6283
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7069
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7854
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1

\b0 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-2
Set aside rate 1 (%)^\kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
36.4%\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 37.5%\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 0.0%\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 38.3%\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 47.5%\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 43.5%\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 38.4%\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 40.7%\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 39.1%\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 44.4%\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth893\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx785
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1570
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2356
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3141
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3927
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4712
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5498
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6283
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7069
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth785\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7854
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth786\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-2
Set aside rate 2 (%)^^\kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
48.0%\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 53.2%\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 0.0%\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 56.1%\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 70.5%\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 60.0%\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 52.0%\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 57.0%\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 55.3%\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 61.8%\cell \lastrow\row
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl210\sa113
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\
\pard\tx160\pardeftab720\ri2\sl160

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
^ 	Set aside + varied as a percentage of all decisions finalised\
^^ 	Set aside + varied as a percentage of set aside, varied & affirmed	\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl600\sb113

\b\fs76 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\page Appendix 4\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl280\sb283\sa57

\fs28 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Application outcomes\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl180\sb113\sa170

\fs16 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Centrelink\

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth519\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx411
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx822
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth412\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1234
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1645
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth412\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2057
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2468
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth412\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3291
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3702
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth412\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4114
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4525
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth412\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4937
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5348
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth412\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6171
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6582
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth412\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6994
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7405
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth412\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7817
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8228
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth412\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0

\b0\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\b\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
AGE
\b0\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\b\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
AUS
\b0\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\b\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
CA
\b0\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\b\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
CP
\b0\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\b\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
CCB
\b0\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\b\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
DSP
\b0\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\b\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
FTB
\b0\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\b\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
MOB
\b0\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\b\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
NSA
\b0\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\b\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
PP
\b0\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\b\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
PA
\b0\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\b\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
PB
\b0\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\b\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
PES
\b0\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\b\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
RA
\b0\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\b\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
SA
\b0\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\b\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
SPB
\b0\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\b\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
YA
\b0\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\b\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Other
\b0\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\b\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Total
\b0\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvmgf \clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth519\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx411
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx822
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth412\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1234
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1645
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth412\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2057
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2468
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth412\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3291
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3702
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth412\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4114
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4525
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth412\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4937
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5348
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth412\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6171
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6582
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth412\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6994
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7405
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth412\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7817
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8228
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth412\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-1
Applications received
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
2014-15
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
881
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
289
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
223
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
449
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
92
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
6,139
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
1,349
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
51
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
1,534
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
504
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
3
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
164
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
31
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
103
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
34
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
90
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
681
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
372
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
12,989
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvmrg \clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth519\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx411
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx822
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth412\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1234
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1645
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth412\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2057
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2468
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth412\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3291
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3702
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth412\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4114
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4525
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth412\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4937
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5348
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth412\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6171
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6582
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth412\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6994
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7405
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth412\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7817
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8228
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth412\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\cell
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
2013-14
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
672
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
261
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
153
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
273
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
57
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
4,437
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
1,033
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
38
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
1,621
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
460
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
2
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
96
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
38
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
101
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
47
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
64
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
728
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
373
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
10,454
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx411
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx822
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth412\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1234
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1645
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth412\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2057
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2468
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth412\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3291
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3702
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth412\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4114
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4525
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth412\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4937
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5348
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth412\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6171
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6582
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth412\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6994
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7405
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth412\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7817
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8228
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth412\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
2012-13
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
775
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
182
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
199
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
261
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
32
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
4,404
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
746
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
33
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
1,743
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
459
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
7
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
91
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
59
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
90
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
41
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
77
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
567
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
433
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
10,199
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvmgf \clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth519\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx411
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx822
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth412\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1234
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1645
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth412\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2057
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2468
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth412\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3291
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3702
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth412\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4114
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4525
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth412\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4937
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5348
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth412\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6171
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6582
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth412\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6994
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7405
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth412\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7817
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8228
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth412\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-1
% of total
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
2014-15
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
6.8%
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
2.2%
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
1.7%
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
3.5%
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
0.7%
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
47.3%
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
10.4%
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
0.4%
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
11.8%
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
3.9%
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
<0.1%
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
1.3%
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
0.2%
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
0.8%
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
0.3%
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
0.7%
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
5.2%
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
2.9%
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
100.0%
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvmrg \clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth519\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx411
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx822
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth412\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1234
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1645
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth412\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2057
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2468
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth412\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3291
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3702
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth412\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4114
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4525
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth412\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4937
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5348
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth412\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6171
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6582
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth412\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6994
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7405
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth412\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7817
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8228
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth412\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\cell
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
2013-14
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
6.4%
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
2.5%
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
1.5%
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
2.6%
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
0.5%
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
42.4%
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
9.9%
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
0.4%
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
15.5%
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
4.4%
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
<0.1%
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
0.9%
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
0.4%
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
1.0%
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
0.4%
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
0.6%
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
7.0%
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
3.6%
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
100.0%
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx411
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx822
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth412\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1234
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1645
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth412\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2057
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2468
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth412\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3291
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3702
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth412\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4114
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4525
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth412\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4937
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5348
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth412\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6171
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6582
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth412\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6994
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7405
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth412\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7817
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8228
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth412\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
2012-13
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
7.6%
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
1.8%
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
2.0%
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
2.6%
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
0.3%
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
43.2%
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
7.3%
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
0.3%
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
17.1%
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
4.5%
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
<0.1%
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
0.9%
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
0.6%
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
0.9%
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
0.4%
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
0.8%
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
5.6%
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
4.2%
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
100.0%
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth519\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx411
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx822
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth412\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1234
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1645
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth412\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2057
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2468
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth412\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3291
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3702
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth412\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4114
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4525
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth412\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4937
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5348
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth412\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6171
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6582
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth412\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6994
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7405
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth412\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7817
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8228
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth412\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1

\b\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Decision outcomes 2014-15
\b0\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth519\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx411
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx822
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth412\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1234
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1645
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth412\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2057
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2468
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth412\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3291
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3702
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth412\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4114
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4525
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth412\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4937
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5348
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth412\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6171
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6582
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth412\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6994
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7405
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth412\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7817
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8228
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth412\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Set aside
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0

\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
192
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
84
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
47
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
116
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
52
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
849
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
438
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
11
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
366
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
118
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
1
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
18
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
4
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
17
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
10
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
19
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
226
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
110
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
2,678
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth519\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx411
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx822
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth412\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1234
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1645
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth412\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2057
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2468
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth412\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3291
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3702
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth412\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4114
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4525
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth412\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4937
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5348
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth412\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6171
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6582
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth412\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6994
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7405
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth412\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7817
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8228
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth412\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Varied
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0

\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
16
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
14
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
6
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
14
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
3
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
31
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
43
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
1
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
29
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
14
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
0
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
0
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
0
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
0
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
0
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
2
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
23
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
11
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
207
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth519\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx411
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx822
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth412\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1234
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1645
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth412\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2057
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2468
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth412\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3291
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3702
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth412\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4114
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4525
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth412\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4937
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5348
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth412\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6171
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6582
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth412\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6994
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7405
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth412\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7817
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8228
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth412\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Affirmed
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0

\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
460
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
118
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
179
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
247
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
54
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
4,100
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
708
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
21
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
819
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
251
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
1
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
122
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
21
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
60
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
16
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
39
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
275
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
255
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
7,746
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth519\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx411
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx822
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth412\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1234
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1645
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth412\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2057
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2468
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth412\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3291
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3702
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth412\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4114
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4525
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth412\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4937
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5348
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth412\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6171
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6582
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth412\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6994
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7405
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth412\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7817
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8228
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth412\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Not reviewable
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0

\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
98
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
34
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
38
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
67
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
23
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
318
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
211
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
5
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
228
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
74
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
0
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
15
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
2
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
19
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
5
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
11
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
76
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
84
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
1,308
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth519\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx411
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx822
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth412\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1234
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1645
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth412\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2057
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2468
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth412\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3291
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3702
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth412\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4114
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4525
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth412\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4937
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5348
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth412\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6171
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6582
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth412\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6994
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7405
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth412\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7817
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8228
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth412\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Withdrawn
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0

\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
96
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
16
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
19
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
32
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
11
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
316
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
94
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
6
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
87
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
42
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
0
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
3
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
5
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
5
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
3
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
11
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
38
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
21
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
805
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth519\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx411
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx822
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth412\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1234
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1645
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth412\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2057
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2468
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth412\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3291
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3702
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth412\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4114
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4525
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth412\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4937
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5348
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth412\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6171
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6582
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth412\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6994
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7405
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth412\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7817
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8228
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth412\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Dismissed
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0

\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
5
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
4
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
4
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
6
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
1
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
37
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
24
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
0
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
46
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
15
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
0
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
0
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
0
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
6
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
0
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
0
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
11
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
2
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
161
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvmgf \clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth519\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx411
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx822
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth412\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1234
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1645
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth412\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2057
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2468
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth412\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3291
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3702
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth412\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4114
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4525
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth412\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4937
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5348
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth412\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6171
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6582
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth412\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6994
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7405
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth412\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7817
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8228
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth412\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-1
Total reviewed*
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
2014-15
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
867
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
270
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
293
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
482
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
144
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
5,651
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
1,518
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
44
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
1,575
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
514
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
2
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
158
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
32
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
107
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
34
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
82
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
649
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
483
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
12,905
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvmrg \clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth519\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx411
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx822
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth412\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1234
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1645
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth412\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2057
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2468
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth412\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3291
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3702
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth412\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4114
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4525
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth412\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4937
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5348
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth412\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6171
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6582
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth412\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6994
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7405
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth412\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7817
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8228
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth412\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\cell
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
2013-14
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
692
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
295
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
208
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
282
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
63
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
4,613
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
1,415
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
42
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
1,997
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
590
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
5
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
96
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
55
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
106
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
58
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
69
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
833
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
501
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
11,920
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx411
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx822
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth412\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1234
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1645
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth412\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2057
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2468
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth412\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3291
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3702
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth412\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4114
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4525
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth412\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4937
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5348
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth412\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6171
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6582
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth412\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6994
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7405
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth412\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7817
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8228
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth412\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
2012-13
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
958
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
201
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
285
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
317
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
86
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
4,449
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
1,239
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
41
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
2,609
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
653
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
12
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
114
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
82
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
100
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
51
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
99
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
694
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
517
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
12,507
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvmgf \clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth519\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx411
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx822
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth412\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1234
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1645
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth412\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2057
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2468
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth412\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3291
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3702
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth412\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4114
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4525
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth412\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4937
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5348
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth412\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6171
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6582
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth412\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6994
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7405
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth412\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7817
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8228
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth412\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-1
Set aside rate 1 (%)\kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
^
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
2014-15
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
24.0%
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
36.3%
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
18.1%
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
27.0%
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
38.2%
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
15.6%
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
31.7%
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
27.3%
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
25.1%
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
25.7%
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
50.0%
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
11.4%
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
12.5%
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
15.9%
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
29.4%
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
25.6%
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
38.4%
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
25.1%
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
22.4%
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvmrg \clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth519\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx411
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx822
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth412\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1234
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1645
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth412\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2057
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2468
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth412\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3291
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3702
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth412\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4114
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4525
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth412\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4937
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5348
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth412\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6171
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6582
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth412\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6994
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7405
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth412\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7817
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8228
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth412\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\cell
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
2013-14
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
29.5%
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
32.2%
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
20.7%
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
19.9%
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
19.0%
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
14.7%
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
27.0%
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
7.1%
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
27.6%
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
31.7%
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
60.0%
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
17.7%
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
18.2%
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
15.1%
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
19.0%
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
17.4%
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
33.9%
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
20.0%
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
22.3%
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx411
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx822
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth412\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1234
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1645
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth412\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2057
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2468
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth412\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3291
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3702
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth412\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4114
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4525
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth412\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4937
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5348
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth412\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6171
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6582
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth412\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6994
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7405
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth412\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7817
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8228
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth412\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
2012-13
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
25.2%
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
32.8%
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
15.8%
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
22.1%
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
17.4%
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
15.6%
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
28.8%
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
9.8%
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
21.5%
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
29.4%
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
8.3%
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
9.6%
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
18.3%
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
17.0%
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
19.6%
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
18.2%
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
26.9%
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
15.5%
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
20.7%
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvmgf \clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth519\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx411
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx822
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth412\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1234
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1645
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth412\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2057
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2468
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth412\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3291
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3702
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth412\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4114
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4525
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth412\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4937
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5348
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth412\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6171
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6582
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth412\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6994
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7405
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth412\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7817
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8228
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth412\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-1\expndtw-1
Set aside rate 2 (%)\kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
^^
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
2014-15
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
31.1%
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
45.4%
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
22.8%
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
34.5%
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
50.5%
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
17.7%
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
40.5%
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
36.4%
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
32.5%
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
34.5%
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
50.0%
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
12.9%
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
16.0%
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
22%
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
38.5%
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
35.0%
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
47.5%
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
32.2%
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
27.1%
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvmrg \clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth519\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx411
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx822
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth412\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1234
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1645
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth412\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2057
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2468
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth412\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3291
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3702
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth412\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4114
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4525
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth412\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4937
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5348
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth412\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6171
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6582
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth412\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6994
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7405
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth412\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7817
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8228
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth412\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\cell
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
2013-14
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
36.9%
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
40.1%
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
27.7%
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
26.5%
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
21.4%
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
17.0%
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
35.8%
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
10.0%
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
36.0%
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
39.7%
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
60.0%
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
22.1%
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
22.2%
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
18.6%
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
23.4%
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
25.5%
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
43.3%
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
25.9%
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
27.6%
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx411
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx822
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth412\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1234
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1645
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth412\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2057
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2468
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth412\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3291
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3702
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth412\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4114
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4525
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth412\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4937
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5348
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth412\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6171
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6582
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth412\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6994
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7405
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth412\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7817
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth411\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8228
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth412\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
2012-13
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
30.6%
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
42.0%
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
19.2%
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
28.5%
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
25.4%
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
18.0%
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
37.5%
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
15.4%
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
28.7%
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
37.3%
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
11.1%
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
11.0%
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
27.8%
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
23.0%
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
25.0%
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
22.0%
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
36.2%
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
20.8%
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
25.7%
\fs16 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell \lastrow\row
\pard\tx180\pardeftab720\ri2\sl160
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\
\
\pard\tx180\pardeftab720\ri2\sl160

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
*	Includes requests for reviews of multiple decisions within one application					\
^ 	Set aside + varied as a percentage of all decisions finalised\
^^ 	Set aside + varied as a percentage of set aside, varied & affirmed							\
\pard\tx180\pardeftab720\ri2\sl160

\b \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Abbreviations:\
\pard\tx400\tx2480\tx2920\tx4660\tx5100\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1

\b0 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
AGE	Age Pension	FTB	Family Tax Benefit	PES	Pensioner Education Supplement\
AUS	Austudy	MOB	Mobility Allowance	RA	Rent Assistance\
CA	Carer Allowance	NSA	Newstart Allowance	SA	Sickness Allowance\
CP	Carer Payment	PP	Parenting Payment 	SPB	Special Benefit\
CCB	Child Care Benefit	PA	Partner Allowance	YA	Youth Allowance\
DSP	Disability Support Pension	PB	Pension Bonus	Other 	All Other Payments\
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1

\b\fs16 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
PPL\

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1548\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1440
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1440\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1440\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1440\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1440\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7200
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1440\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0

\b0\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\b\fs16 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Claimant Decisions
\b0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\b \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Dad and Partner Pay Decisions*
\b0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\b \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Employer Decisions
\b0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\b \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Total
\b0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvmgf \clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1548\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1440
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1440\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1440\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1440\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1440\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7200
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1440\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Applications received \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 2014-15\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
200\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 10\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 1\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 211\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvmrg \clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1548\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1440
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1440\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1440\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1440\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1440\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7200
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1440\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\cell
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
2013-14\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
152\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 5\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 0\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 157\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1440
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1440\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1440\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1440\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1440\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7200
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1440\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
2012-13\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
113\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 0\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 0\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 113\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvmgf \clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1548\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1440
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1440\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1440\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1440\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1440\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7200
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1440\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
% of total\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 2014-15\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
94.8%\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 4.7%\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 0.5%\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 100%\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvmrg \clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1548\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1440
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1440\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1440\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1440\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1440\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7200
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1440\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\cell
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
2013-14\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
96.8%\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 3.2%\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 n/a\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 100%\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1440
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1440\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1440\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1440\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1440\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7200
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1440\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
2012-13\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
100%\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 n/a\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 n/a\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 100%\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1548\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1440
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1440\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1440\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1440\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1440\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7200
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1440\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl180

\b \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Decision outcomes 2014-15\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1548\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1440
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1440\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1440\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1440\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1440\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7200
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1440\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1

\b0 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Set Aside\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0

\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs16 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
28\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 2\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 0\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 30\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1548\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1440
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1440\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1440\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1440\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1440\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7200
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1440\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Varied\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0

\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs16 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
0\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 0\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 0\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 0\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1548\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1440
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1440\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1440\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1440\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1440\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7200
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1440\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Affirmed\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0

\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs16 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
121\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 8\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 0\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 129\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1548\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1440
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1440\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1440\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1440\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1440\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7200
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1440\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Not reviewable\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0

\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs16 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
14\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 0\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 1\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 15\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1548\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1440
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1440\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1440\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1440\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1440\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7200
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1440\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Withdrawn\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0

\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs16 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
7\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 1\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 0\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 8\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1548\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1440
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1440\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1440\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1440\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1440\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7200
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1440\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Dismissed\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0

\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs16 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
0\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 0\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 0\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 0\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvmgf \clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1548\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1440
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1440\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1440\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1440\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1440\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7200
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1440\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Total reviewed\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 2014-15\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
170\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 11\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 1\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 182\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvmrg \clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1548\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1440
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1440\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1440\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1440\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1440\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7200
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1440\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\cell
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
2013-14\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
155\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 2\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 0\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 157\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1440
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1440\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1440\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1440\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1440\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7200
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1440\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
2012-13\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
131\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 n/a\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 n/a\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 131\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvmgf \clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1548\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1440
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1440\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1440\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1440\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1440\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7200
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1440\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Set aside rate 1 (%)^\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 2014-15\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
16.5%\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 18%\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 n/a\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 16.5%\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvmrg \clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1548\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1440
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1440\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1440\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1440\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1440\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7200
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1440\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\cell
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
2013-14\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
11.6%\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 0.0%\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 n/a\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 11.5%\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1440
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1440\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1440\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1440\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1440\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7200
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1440\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
2012-13\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
11.5%\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 n/a\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 n/a\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 11.5%\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvmgf \clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1548\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1440
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1440\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1440\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1440\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1440\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7200
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1440\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Set aside rate 2 (%)^^\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 2014-15\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
18.8%\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 0%\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 n/a\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 18.9%\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvmrg \clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1548\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1440
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1440\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1440\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1440\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1440\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7200
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1440\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\cell
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
2013-14\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
14.2%\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 0%\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 n/a\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 14.0%\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1440
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1440\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1440\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1440\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1440\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7200
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1440\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
2012-13\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
13.0%\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 n/a\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 n/a\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 13.0%\cell \lastrow\row
\pard\tx160\pardeftab720\ri2\sl160

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\
\
*	Dad and Partner Pay was introduced on 1 January 2013.\
^ 	Set aside + varied as a percentage of all decisions finalised\
^^ Set aside + varied as a percentage of set aside, varied & affirmed					\
\pard\tx160\pardeftab720\ri2\sl160

\b\fs16 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Child Support\

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth772\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx664
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth665\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1329
\clvertalb \clshdrawnil \clwWidth664\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1993
\clvertalb \clshdrawnil \clwWidth665\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2658
\clvertalb \clshdrawnil \clwWidth665\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3323
\clvertalb \clshdrawnil \clwWidth664\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3987
\clvertalb \clshdrawnil \clwWidth665\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4652
\clvertalb \clshdrawnil \clwWidth664\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5316
\clvertalb \clshdrawnil \clwWidth665\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5981
\clvertalb \clshdrawnil \clwWidth665\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6646
\clvertalb \clshdrawnil \clwWidth664\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7310
\clvertalb \clshdrawnil \clwWidth665\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7975
\clvertalb \clshdrawnil \clwWidth665\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0

\b0\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl180

\b\fs16 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Application for Assessment\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl180
\cf0 Care Percentage Decision\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl180
\cf0 Change of Assessment*\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl180
\cf0 Child Support Agreement\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl180
\cf0 Failure to Collect Arrears\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl180
\cf0 Non-Agency Payment\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl180
\cf0 Particulars of Assessment\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl180
\cf0 Refusal of EOT to Object\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl180
\cf0 Registration Details\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl180
\cf0 Other \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl180
\cf0 Total\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth772\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx664
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth665\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1329
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth664\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1993
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth665\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2658
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth665\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3323
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth664\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3987
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth665\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4652
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth664\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5316
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth665\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5981
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth665\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6646
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth664\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7310
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth665\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7975
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth665\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1

\b0 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Applications received \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 2014-15\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
18\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 544\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 923\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 5\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 12\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 120\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 224\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 122\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 42\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 54\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 2,064\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth772\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx664
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth665\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1329
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth664\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1993
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth665\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2658
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth665\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3323
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth664\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3987
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth665\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4652
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth664\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5316
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth665\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5981
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth665\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6646
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth664\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7310
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth665\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7975
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth665\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0

\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1

\fs16 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
2013-14\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
37\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 453\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 826\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 12\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 13\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 113\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 213\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 96\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 52\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 63\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 1,878\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth772\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx664
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth665\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1329
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth664\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1993
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth665\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2658
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth665\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3323
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth664\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3987
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth665\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4652
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth664\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5316
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth665\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5981
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth665\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6646
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth664\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7310
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth665\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7975
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth665\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0

\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1

\fs16 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
2012-13\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
31\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 389\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 971\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 14\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 18\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 104\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 231\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 75\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 55\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 83\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 1,971\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth772\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx664
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth665\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1329
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth664\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1993
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth665\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2658
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth665\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3323
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth664\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3987
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth665\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4652
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth664\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5316
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth665\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5981
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth665\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6646
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth664\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7310
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth665\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7975
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth665\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
% of total\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 2014-15\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
0.9%\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 26.4%\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 44.7%\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 0.2%\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 0.6%\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 5.8%\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 10.9%\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 5.9%\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 2.0%\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 2.6%\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 100%\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth772\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx664
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth665\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1329
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth664\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1993
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth665\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2658
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth665\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3323
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth664\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3987
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth665\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4652
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth664\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5316
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth665\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5981
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth665\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6646
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth664\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7310
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth665\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7975
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth665\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0

\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1

\fs16 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
2013-14\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
2.0%\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 24.1%\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 44.0%\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 0.6%\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 0.7%\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 6.0%\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 11.3%\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 5.1%\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 2.8%\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 3.4%\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 100%\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth772\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx664
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth665\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1329
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth664\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1993
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth665\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2658
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth665\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3323
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth664\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3987
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth665\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4652
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth664\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5316
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth665\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5981
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth665\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6646
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth664\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7310
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth665\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7975
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth665\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0

\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1

\fs16 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
2012-13\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
1.6%\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 19.7%\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 49.3%\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 0.7%\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 0.9%\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 5.3%\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 11.7%\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 3.8%\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 2.8%\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 4.2%\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 100%\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth772\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx664
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth665\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1329
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth664\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1993
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth665\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2658
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth665\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3323
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth664\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3987
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth665\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4652
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth664\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5316
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth665\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5981
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth665\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6646
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth664\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7310
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth665\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7975
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth665\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl180

\b \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Decision outcomes 2014-15\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth772\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx664
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth665\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1329
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth664\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1993
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth665\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2658
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth665\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3323
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth664\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3987
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth665\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4652
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth664\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5316
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth665\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5981
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth665\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6646
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth664\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7310
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth665\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7975
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth665\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1

\b0 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Set Aside\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0

\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs16 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
7\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 159\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 362\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 0\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 0\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 25\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 44\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 19\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 11\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 10\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 637\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth772\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx664
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth665\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1329
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth664\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1993
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth665\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2658
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth665\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3323
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth664\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3987
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth665\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4652
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth664\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5316
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth665\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5981
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth665\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6646
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth664\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7310
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth665\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7975
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth665\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Varied\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0

\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs16 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
0\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 41\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 46\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 0\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 0\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 2\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 11\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 0\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 2\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 1\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 103\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth772\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx664
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth665\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1329
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth664\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1993
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth665\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2658
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth665\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3323
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth664\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3987
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth665\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4652
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth664\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5316
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth665\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5981
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth665\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6646
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth664\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7310
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth665\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7975
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth665\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Affirmed\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0

\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs16 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
5\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 169\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 137\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 3\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 4\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 62\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 104\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 68\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 26\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 20\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 598\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth772\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx664
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth665\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1329
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth664\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1993
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth665\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2658
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth665\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3323
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth664\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3987
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth665\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4652
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth664\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5316
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth665\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5981
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth665\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6646
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth664\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7310
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth665\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7975
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth665\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Not reviewable\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0

\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs16 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
1\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 16\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 142\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 1\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 2\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 16\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 18\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 13\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 2\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 20\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 231\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth772\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx664
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth665\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1329
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth664\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1993
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth665\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2658
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth665\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3323
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth664\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3987
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth665\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4652
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth664\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5316
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth665\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5981
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth665\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6646
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth664\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7310
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth665\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7975
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth665\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Withdrawn\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0

\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs16 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
1\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 66\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 105\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 1\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 5\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 20\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 28\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 7\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 6\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 2\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 241\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth772\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx664
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth665\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1329
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth664\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1993
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth665\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2658
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth665\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3323
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth664\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3987
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth665\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4652
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth664\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5316
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth665\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5981
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth665\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6646
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth664\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7310
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth665\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7975
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth665\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Dismissed\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0

\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr

\fs16 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
2\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 37\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 16\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 0\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 0\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 2\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 14\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 7\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 3\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 2\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 83\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvmgf \clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth772\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx664
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth665\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1329
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth664\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1993
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth665\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2658
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth665\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3323
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth664\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3987
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth665\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4652
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth664\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5316
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth665\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5981
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth665\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6646
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth664\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7310
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth665\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7975
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth665\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Total reviewed\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 2014-15\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
16\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 488\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 808\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 5\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 11\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 127\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 219\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 114\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 50\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 55\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 1,893\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvmrg \clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth772\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx664
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth665\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1329
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth664\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1993
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth665\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2658
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth665\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3323
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth664\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3987
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth665\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4652
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth664\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5316
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth665\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5981
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth665\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6646
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth664\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7310
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth665\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7975
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth665\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\cell
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
2013-14\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
34\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 458\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 904\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 12\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 15\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 98\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 219\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 83\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 49\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 64\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 1,936\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx664
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth665\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1329
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth664\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1993
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth665\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2658
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth665\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3323
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth664\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3987
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth665\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4652
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth664\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5316
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth665\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5981
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth665\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6646
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth664\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7310
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth665\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7975
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth665\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
2012-13\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
31\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 371\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 907\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 20\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 17\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 107\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 226\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 98\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 51\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 72\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 1,900\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvmgf \clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth772\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx664
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth665\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1329
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth664\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1993
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth665\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2658
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth665\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3323
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth664\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3987
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth665\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4652
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth664\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5316
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth665\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5981
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth665\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6646
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth664\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7310
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth665\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7975
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth665\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Set aside rate 1\uc0\u8232 (%)^\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 2014-15\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
43.8%\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 41.0%\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 50.5%\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 0.0%\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 0.0%\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 21.3%\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 25.1%\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 16.7%\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 26.0%\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 20.0%\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 39.1%\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvmrg \clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth772\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx664
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth665\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1329
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth664\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1993
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth665\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2658
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth665\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3323
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth664\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3987
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth665\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4652
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth664\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5316
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth665\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5981
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth665\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6646
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth664\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7310
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth665\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7975
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth665\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\cell
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
2013-14\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
14.7%\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 45.0%\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 56.3%\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 0.0%\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 53.3%\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 29.6%\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 20.1%\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 33.7%\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 38.8%\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 14.1%\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 44.4%\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx664
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth665\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1329
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth664\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1993
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth665\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2658
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth665\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3323
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth664\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3987
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth665\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4652
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth664\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5316
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth665\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5981
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth665\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6646
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth664\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7310
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth665\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7975
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth665\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
2012-13\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
16.1%\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 47.7%\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 49.9%\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 0.0%\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 23.5%\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 27.1%\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 19.9%\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 32.7%\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 29.4%\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 25.0%\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 41.2%\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvmgf \clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth772\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx664
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth665\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1329
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth664\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1993
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth665\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2658
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth665\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3323
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth664\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3987
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth665\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4652
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth664\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5316
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth665\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5981
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth665\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6646
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth664\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7310
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth665\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7975
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth665\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Set aside rate 2 \uc0\u8232 (%)^^\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 2014-15\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
58.3%\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 54.2%\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 74.9%\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 0.0%\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 0.0%\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 30.3%\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 34.6%\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 21.8%\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 33.3%\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 35.5%\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 55.3%\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvmrg \clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth772\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx664
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth665\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1329
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth664\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1993
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth665\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2658
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth665\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3323
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth664\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3987
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth665\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4652
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth664\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5316
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth665\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5981
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth665\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6646
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth664\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7310
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth665\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7975
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth665\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\cell
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
2013-14\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
20.8%\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 59.9%\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 80.3%\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 0.0%\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 72.7%\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 37.7%\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 28.6%\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 43.1%\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 46.3%\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 27.3%\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 61.8%\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvmrg \clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth772\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx664
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth665\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1329
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth664\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx1993
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth665\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2658
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth665\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3323
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth664\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx3987
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth665\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4652
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth664\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5316
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth665\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx5981
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth665\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx6646
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth664\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7310
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth665\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx7975
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth665\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf3 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\cell
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
2012-13\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
26.3%\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 64.6%\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 80.2%\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 0.0%\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 50.0%\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 37.7%\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 31.7%\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 43.2%\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 42.9%\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 52.9%\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 63.1%\cell \lastrow\row
\pard\tx140\pardeftab720\ri2\sl160

\fs14 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\
\
\pard\tx160\pardeftab720\ri2\sl160
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
*	In Change of Assessment cases the liability to pay child support is likely to be affirmed but the amount of the liability may be varied\
^ 	Set aside + varied as a percentage of all decisions finalised\
^^ 	Set aside + varied as a percentage of set aside, varied & affirmed	\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl600\sb113

\b\fs76 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\page Appendix 5\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl280\sb283\sa57

\fs28 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Workplace health and safety \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl210\sa200

\b0\fs18 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl180\sb113\sa170

\b\fs16 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Summary of notifiable incidents, investigations and notices under the WHS Act, \uc0\u8232 1 July 2014 to 30 June 2015\

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4320\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl180
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Action \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl180\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Number \cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4320\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1

\b0 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Death of a person that required notice to Comcare under section 35 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
0 \cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4320\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Serious injury or illness of a person that required notice to Comcare under section 35 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
0 \cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4320\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Dangerous incident that required notice to Comcare under section 35 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
0 \cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4320\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Investigations conducted under Part 10 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
0 \cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4320\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Notices given to DSS under section 90 (provisional improvement notices) \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
0 \cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4320\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Notices given to DSS under section 191 (improvement notices) \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
0 \cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4320\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Notices given to DSS under section 195 (prohibition notices) \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
0 \cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4320\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Directions given to DSS under section 198 (non-disturbance) \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
0 \cell \lastrow\row
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl210\sa200

\fs20 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl210\sa200

\fs18 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl600\sb113

\b\fs76 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\page Appendix 6\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl280\sb283\sa57

\fs28 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Environmental performance reporting\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl210\sa113

\b0\fs18 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
In relation to subsections 516A(5) and (6) of the 
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Environment Protection and Biodiversity Conservation Act 1999
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
 (assuming that the SSAT was a Commonwealth \'93agency\'94 for the purposes of those provisions) paragraphs 516A(6)(a) and (b) did not apply because the SSAT did not engage in any development. \
Paragraphs 516A(6)(c) and (d) required the SSAT to document the effect of its activities on the environment and what measures the SSAT took to minimise its impact on the environment. \
The activities of the SSAT affected the environment through its need for premises in which to carry out its functions and the use of electricity, transport, water and paper in carrying out those functions. \
The SSAT minimised the impact of its activities on the environment by the measures set out in the table below.\

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4320\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl180

\b\fs16 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Theme\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl180
\cf0 Measures\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4320\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1

\b0 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Energy efficiency\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 Lights automatically switch off after a period of inactivity in the room.\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4320\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Energy efficiency\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 Purchase of equipment with an energy saving mode. Staff were asked to switch off computers, including monitors, and other non-essential electronic equipment when not in use.\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4320\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Waste management\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 Separate bins were provided in every office for recyclable, compost and general waste. Individual desk bins were for recyclable material only.\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4320\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Leasing of accommodation\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 New accommodation was selected (prior to the reporting period) with regard to the building\'92s energy rating and the aim that all SSAT premises would have a five-star energy rating.\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4320\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Transport\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 Meetings were conducted by electronic means wherever possible to avoid use of transport.\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4320\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Sustainability\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 Recycled, recyclable and \'91environmentally friendly\'92 products and office supplies were purchased where available.\cell \lastrow\row
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl210\sa113

\i\fs18 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl210\sa113

\i0 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl600\sb113

\b\fs76 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\page Appendix 7\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl280\sb283\sa57

\fs28 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Legal services expenditure statement\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl210\sa113

\b0\fs18 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
This is a statement of legal services expenditure by the Social Security Appeals Tribunal for \uc0\u8232 2014-15, published in compliance with paragraph 11.1(ba) of the
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
 Legal Services Directions 2005
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
.\

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4320\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl180

\b\fs16 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Total legal services expenditure\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl180\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
$59,886\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4320\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1

\b0 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Total external legal services expenditure (inclusive of GST)^\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
$59,886\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4320\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
External expenditure on professional fees\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
$59,886\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4320\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
External expenditure on counsel\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
$0\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4320\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Number of male counsel briefed\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
0\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4320\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Value of briefs to male counsel\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
$0\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4320\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Number of female counsel briefed\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
0\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4320\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Value of briefs to female counsel\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
$0\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4320\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Other disbursements on external legal services\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
$0\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4320\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Total internal legal services expenditure\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
$0 \cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4320\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Salaries\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
$0\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4320\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Overheads (includes administrative support and accommodation costs)\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
$0\cell \lastrow\row
\pard\tx160\pardeftab720\ri2\sl160

\fs18 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\
\
^ Includes $29,150 for legal advice obtained by DSS about a matter relating to employees of the Secretary which was charged to the SSAT. \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl210\sa113

\fs20 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl210\sa113

\fs18 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl210\sa200
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl600\sb113

\b\fs76 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\page Appendix 8\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl280\sb283\sa57

\fs28 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Corrections to last year\'92s report\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri285\sl210\sa200

\b0\fs18 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Figure 2 was labelled \'93Reasons for change of Centrelink decisions (excluding PPL)\'94, but incorrectly showed that data for child support decisions. Similarly, Figure 3 was labelled \'93Reasons for change of child support decisions\'94, but incorrectly showed that data for Centrelink decisions (excluding PPL).\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl210\sa200
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
On page 47, Michael Horsburgh\'92s entry should read \'93Honorary Associate Professor Michael Horsburgh AM  
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
BA, DipSocWk, MSocWk, ThD
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\'94. \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl600\sb113

\b\fs76 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\page Appendix 9\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl280\sb283\sa57

\fs28 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Decisions of interest
\b0\fs18 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl260\sb170\sa57

\b\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Disability support pension \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\sb113\sa57

\b0\fs20 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Case 1: Whether there was a special reason that a person should not be treated as a member of a couple\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri115\sl210\sa113

\fs18 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
The applicant had a terminal illness and was in receipt of disability support pension (DSP) at the single rate because his wife and children lived overseas. As the applicant\'92s health deteriorated, his wife who was not an Australian resident (and children) came to Australia on a tourist visa to care for him. On their arrival, Centrelink reduced the applicant\'92s rate to the partnered rate on the basis that he was married and living with his wife. However, his wife\'92s application for a partner visa had not been decided. \
Section 24 of the 
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Social Security Act 1991
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
 (the SS Act) permits the decision-maker to treat a person as not being a member of a couple if satisfied that there is a special reason to do so in the particular case. \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri59\sl210\sa113
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
The SSAT was satisfied that there was a special reason related to the applicant\'92s health condition and its consequences of his wife and children coming to Australia to spend time with and care for him; his wife bringing little or no resources with her; her visa not allowing her to work or receive income support; and the gravity of their financial circumstances. The effect of the SSAT\'92s decision was that the applicant could continue to be paid DSP at the single rate. \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\sb113\sa57

\fs20 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Case 2: Whether the applicant qualified \uc0\u8232 for DSP as permanently blind\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl210\sa113

\fs18 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
The applicant claimed DSP on the basis of a permanent medical condition causing vision impairment in both eyes. Centrelink rated her condition as attracting 10 points under the Impairment Tables and decided that she did not have a continuing inability to work as defined in subsection 94(2) of the SS Act. Her claim was rejected.\
Section 95 of the SS Act prescribes the qualification for DSP for persons who are permanently blind. There is no definition of permanent blindness in the SS Act but policy guidelines accept that a person with less than 6/60 visual acuity in both eyes on the Snellen Scale, after correction by suitable lenses, is permanently blind for the purposes of \uc0\u8232 section 95.\
The SSAT had several reports by ophthalmologists which confirmed that the applicant\'92s visual acuity was less than 6/60 in both eyes. A person who qualifies for DSP under section 95 of the SS Act does not have to demonstrate a continuing inability to work. The SSAT therefore set aside the decision and returned the matter to Centrelink with a direction that subject to her meeting the remaining requirements for DSP, the applicant was qualified from the date of her claim.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl260\sb170\sa57

\b\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Age pension\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\sb113\sa57

\b0\fs20 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Case 1: Whether the person qualified for age pension under an International Agreement \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl210\sa113

\fs18 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
The applicant was born in Italy to which she returned after residing in Australia for a period of eight years. She was residing in Italy when she made a claim for age pension. Centrelink rejected the claim because the applicant had less than the 10 years qualifying residence required by section 43 of the  SS Act. \
An agreement between Australia and Italy in respect of certain income support payments forms Schedule 2 to the 
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Social Security (International Agreements) Act 1999
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
 (the Agreement) and allows for periods of contribution to certain insurance institutions in Italy to be deemed to be a period when that person was an Australian resident for the purposes of meeting the minimum qualifying period for age pension. The applicant had contributed to the fund Istituto Nazionale di Previdenza e Assistenza per i Dipendenti dell\'92amministrazione Pubblica (INPDAP) which is not covered by the Agreement. The applicant contended that the period of her contributions to INPDAP was deemed residency because administration of the INPDAP had been transferred to the Istituto Nazionale della Previdenza Sociale (INPS) which is covered by the Agreement. \
The SSAT rejected the applicant\'92s contention. The Agreement permitted the parties to make administrative arrangements to implement it but those arrangements did not assist the applicant. The critical requirement was the \'93period of credited contributions\'94 to a scheme covered by the Agreement. As INPDAP was not so covered, the period of contributions to it were not deemed residency for the purpose of meeting the qualifying period for age pension. The SSAT affirmed the decision to reject the claim.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\sb113\sa57

\fs20 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Case 2: Whether a residence situated on common property of a strata complex was part of the principal home of a unit owner for the purposes of the assets test for age pension \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl210\sa113

\fs18 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
The applicant owned and occupied one of five units in a strata complex. The common property of the strata complex included a heritage listed residence built on the original parcel of land that comprised the strata plan. The residence was listed on the strata title so each of the five unit owners had a 20% interest in it. The unit owners shared access to, and use of, the residence until the body corporate (comprised of the unit owners) decided to lease it. The rent paid to the body corporate was then paid to each unit owner by a 20% reduction to the owner\'92s strata levies. \
Centrelink concluded that the residence was not part of the applicant\'92s principal home and therefore 20% of its value was included in the applicant\'92s assessable assets for the purpose of calculating the rate of age pension. \
The applicant contended that, as part of the common property on the strata title, the residence could not be alienated separately and could not be ascribed an assessable value. The applicant\'92s principal home therefore included the unit and the proportionate share in the residence.\
After considering case law about the treatment of property on a single title to which the owner does not enjoy exclusive use and access, the SSAT concluded that a notional value could be given to that part of a property even thought that value could not be realised without selling the whole property.  The SSAT found that when the body corporate decided to rent out the residence it granted exclusive right of possession to a non-related party, and excluded the unit owners from the use of the residence. At this point, the residence ceased to form part of the applicant\'92s principal home and became an assessable asset for the purpose of calculating their rate of age pension.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl260\sb170\sa57

\b\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Pension bonus scheme\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\sb113\sa57

\b0\fs20 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Whether the qualification requirements for pension bonus were met\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl210\sa113

\fs18 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
In February 2014, the applicant made a claim for age pension and a claim under the pension bonus scheme. In 2000, the applicant had claimed and been granted age pension which was paid at a reduced rate due to her income from part-time employment until 2002 when it was cancelled due to her income. The applicant continued to work at or close to full-time hours. Centrelink rejected the applicant\'92s claim for pension bonus because she had previously received age pension.\
Section 92C of the SS Act contains the qualifying criteria for the pension bonus scheme. Subsection 92C(b) provides that a person can only qualify for a pension bonus payment if they have not received age pension at any time before making a claim for the pension bonus. As the applicant had received age pension at a time before making the claim, the SSAT affirmed the decision to reject her claim for pension bonus.  \
The applicant applied to the Administrative Appeals Tribunal for review of the SSAT\'92s decision. The AAT affirmed the decision of the SSAT and published its decision as Benjamin and Secretary, Department of Social Services [2015] AATA 398. \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl260\sb170\sa57

\b\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Australian victim of terrorism \uc0\u8232 overseas payment\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\sb113\sa57

\b0\fs20 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Whether the person qualified as a primary\uc0\u8232 claimant \'93in the place\'94 of an overseas \u8232 terrorist act\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl210\sa113

\fs18 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Section 1061PAA of the SS Act provides for two categories of Australian Victim of Terrorism Overseas Payment (AVTOP) payable to Australian residents affected by acts of terrorism committed outside Australia. The applicant sought payment as a primary victim harmed as a result of a declared overseas terrorist act. Relevantly, to qualify for the payment as a primary victim, the person must have been in the place where the declared terrorist occurred.\
Subsection 4(1) of the 
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Social Security (Declared Overseas Terrorist Act) Declaration 2013
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
 (the Declaration) declares that a terrorist act includes \'93
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
the crashing of commercial airliners into the World Trade Center in New York\'85.in the United States of America on \uc0\u8232 11 September 2001
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\'94.  \
The applicant was in New York on September 11, 2001 and the psychological injuries she suffered after the event were well documented and accepted. Centrelink refused her claim on the basis that the applicant was not \'93in the place\'94 of the terrorist act. The applicant was staying in a Manhattan hotel which was several miles from the site of the World Trade Center. The hotel was evacuated and along with other hotel guests, the applicant was for a time in the street where smoke and dust could be seen and smelled.\
The SSAT had regard to the Explanatory Memorandum to the 
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Social Security Amendment (Supporting Australian Victims of Terrorism Overseas) Bill 2011 
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
which said that the person must be physically in a place where the overseas terrorist act occurs. The place might include a hotel foyer, an adjacent car park or across the road but there must be close proximity to the overseas terrorist act. Persons who had watched or heard about an event would not qualify for the payment. The SSAT concluded that while the applicant was 
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
near
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
 the place of the terrorist act, it could not be said that she was in such close proximity as to be
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
 in
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
 the place. The SSAT affirmed the decision to refuse the claim. \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl260\sb170\sa57

\b\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Child support\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\sb113\sa57

\b0\fs20 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Whether an application for review of a child support decision was frivolous or vexatious\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl210\sa113

\fs18 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
The Child Support Registrar (the Registrar) had previously made a determination under Part 6A of the 
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Child Support (Assessment) Act 1989
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
 (the Assessment Act) to depart from administrative assessment and to increase the annual rate of child support payable by the applicant on the ground that the costs of maintaining the child were significantly affected because the child was being privately educated in the manner expected by the applicant and the other parent. The applicant applied to the Registrar for a further departure determination, contending that he did not expect his child to be privately educated. In doing so, the applicant relied on a decision of a State tribunal in a proceeding between him and the child\'92s school. The Registrar refused his application and disallowed his subsequent objection. \
The applicant applied for review by the SSAT. The power to dismiss an application for review as frivolous or vexatious was conferred by paragraph 100(1)(b) of the 
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Child Support (Registration and
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
 
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Collection) Act 1988
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
 (the CSRC Act) on the SSAT Principal Member. A delegate of the SSAT Principal Member found that the applicant was seeking to agitate an issue about school fees that had been dealt with by the SSAT on several previous occasions.   Having regard to the summary of relevant principles in 
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Re Filsell & Comcare
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
 [2009] AATA 90, referred to with approval in 
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Soames v Secretary, Department of
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
 
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Social Services
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
 [2014] FCA 295, the delegate considered that there were three reasons why the applicant should not be permitted to agitate the school fees issue again. \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ri2\sl210\sa113
\ls4\ilvl0\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	1.	}\kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
The relevant criterion in the Assessment Act was the \'93expectation\'94 of the parents about the manner of education and the SSAT had previously found that the parents expected that the child would be privately educated. The SSAT\'92s findings were not affected by the State tribunal\'92s decision about contractual arrangements between the applicant and the school.   \
\ls4\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	2.	}\kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Having regard to the judgment in 
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Smith v Secretary, Department of Family & Community Services
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
 [2004] FCA 1428, it was not appropriate for the SSAT to revisit the school fees issue again. The SSAT\'92s statutory objective was to provide a mechanism of review that is fair, just, economical, informal and quick. The applicant had had more than a fair opportunity to have his contentions about the school fees issue considered and although his contentions had not been accepted, it did not follow that the applicant should be permitted to have the SSAT go over the same ground yet again. \
\ls4\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	3.	}\kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
In seeking a departure determination, the applicant could not rely on the ground in subparagraph 117(2)(b)(ii) of the Assessment Act in the circumstances because even if his contention (of no mutual expectation that the child be privately educated) were to be accepted, it could not be a basis for reducing the amount of child support payable by him under administrative assessment.   \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl210\sa113
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
The delegate found that the application for review was frivolous or vexatious in that it had no prospects of success at all, or was futile, and dismissed the application for review under paragraph 100(1)(b) of the CSRC Act.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\sb113\sa57

\fs20 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Whether a liable parent was an Australian resident on the day an application for administrative assessment was made\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl210\sa113

\fs18 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
The Registrar accepted an application made by the child\'92s mother for an administrative assessment of child support to be paid by the child\'92s father. After finding that the father was not a resident of Australia within the meaning given in section 10 of the Assessment Act but was a resident of a foreign country which was a reciprocating jurisdiction listed in Schedule 2 of the 
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Child Support (Registration and Collection) Regulations 1988
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
, the Registrar accepted the application.\
The father unsuccessfully objected to the Registrar\'92s acceptance of the application on the basis that he was not residing in a reciprocating jurisdiction. \
The SSAT also found that the father was not a resident of Australia. The SSAT had then to decide if the father was a resident of Country A which was a reciprocating jurisdiction, or of Country B which bordered Country A but was not a reciprocating jurisdiction. Based on identity documents provided by the father and on geographical data, the SSAT concluded that the father was a resident of Country B. The SSAT decided the application for administrative assessment should be refused and set aside the Registrar\'92s decision. \
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl600\sb113

\b\fs76 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\page Appendix 10\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl280\sb283\sa57

\fs28 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Access to justice activities\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl260\sb170\sa57

\b0\fs20 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
New South Wales\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl210\sa113

\fs18 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Registry open day during Law Week\
Presentations to:\
\pard\pardeftab720\li227\ri2\sl210\sa57
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Legal Aid New South Wales\
Kingsford Legal Centre\
South West Sydney Legal Centre\
Shoalcoast Community Legal Centre\
\pard\pardeftab720\li227\ri2\sl210\sa113
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
St George Area Tenancy Council\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl210\sa113
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Regular liaison with Welfare Rights\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl260\sb170\sa57

\fs20 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Queensland\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl210\sa57

\fs18 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Stall at NAIDOC Community Exposition\
Attendance at APS Indigenous Employees \uc0\u8232 Forum\
Presentations to:\
\pard\pardeftab720\li227\ri2\sl210\sa57
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Logan Networking Community\
Welfare Rights\
Legal Aid legal practitioners\
\pard\pardeftab720\li227\ri2\sl210\sa113
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Basic Rights Community Forum\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl210\sa113
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Regular liaison with Welfare Rights \uc0\u8232 and Legal Aid\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl260\sb170\sa57

\fs20 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Northern Territory
\b\fs24 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl210\sa57

\b0\fs18 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Visit to Alice Springs Indigenous communities\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl260\sb170\sa57

\fs20 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
South Australia
\b\fs24 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl210\sa57

\b0\fs18 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Presentations at:\
\pard\pardeftab720\li227\ri2\sl210\sa57
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
City Forum \
Homeless Exposition\
Murray Bridge Forum\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl260\sb170\sa57

\fs20 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Western Australia
\b\fs24 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl210\sa57

\b0\fs18 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Presentations to: \
\pard\pardeftab720\li227\ri2\sl210\sa57
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Town of Bassendean and Derbarl Yerrigan Health Services \'96 NAIDOC Family Fun Day\
Aboriginal Health Council\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl260\sb170\sa57

\fs20 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Victoria
\b\fs24 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl210\sa113

\b0\fs18 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Stall at NAIDOC Community Exposition\
Law Week presentation at SSAT premises\
Presentations at:\
\pard\pardeftab720\li227\ri2\sl210\sa57
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Leo Cussen Institute\
Seniors Rights Victoria\
Inner Melbourne Community Legal\
Central Highlands Community Legal Centre\
Southern Migrant and Refugee Centre\
\pard\pardeftab720\li227\ri2\sl210\sa113
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Women\'92s Legal Service\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl210\sa113
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Liaison meetings with:\
\pard\pardeftab720\li227\ri2\sl210\sa113
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Victoria Legal Aid\
Social Security Rights Victoria\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl600\sb113

\b\fs76 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\page Appendix 11 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl280\sb283\sa57

\fs28 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Contact details for the Social Services and \uc0\u8232 Child Support Division of the AAT 
\b0\fs18 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl210\sa113
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Contact details for the Social Services and Child Support Division of the AAT are available online \uc0\u8232 at {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.aat.gov.au/contact-us"}}{\fldrslt \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
http://www.aat.gov.au/contact-us}}. \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl260\sb170\sa57

\fs20 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
National telephone number\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl210\sa113

\fs18 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Call 1800 228 333 from anywhere in Australia. Calls are free from landline phones.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl260\sb170\sa57

\fs20 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
AAT website
\b\fs24 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl210\sa113

\b0\fs18 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Please refer to the AAT\'92s website at {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.ssat.gov.au"}}{\fldrslt \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
www.aat.gov.au}} for further information.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl260\sb170\sa57

\fs20 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Contact Officer
\b\fs24 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl210\sa113

\b0\fs18 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
For enquiries about this Annual Report, please contact: \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl210\sa57
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Senior Reporting Officer\
Administrative Appeals Tribunal\
PO Box 218, Collins Street West\
Melbourne VIC 8007\
Tel: (03) 8626 4923\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl210\sa113
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Fax: (03) 8626 4949\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl260\sb170\sa57

\fs20 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Additional copies of this Annual Report
\b\fs24 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl210\sa113

\b0\fs18 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Additional copies of this Annual Report are available from the AAT\'92s Principal Registry or by contacting your nearest AAT registry.\
It is also available as an accessible PDF on the AAT\'92s website at {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.ssat.gov.au"}}{\fldrslt \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
www.aat.gov.au}}.\
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl600\sb113

\b\fs76 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\page Glossary\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl210\sa113

\b0\fs18 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\
\pard\tx960\pardeftab720\ri2\sl210\sa113
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
AAT	Administrative Appeals Tribunal\
ARO	Authorised Review Officer\
CSA	Child Support Agency\
DHS	Department of Human Services\
DSS	Department of Social Services\
MRT-RRT	Migration Review Tribunal and Refugee Review Tribunal\
PPL	Paid Parental Leave\
SSAT	Social Security Appeals Tribunal\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl210\sa113
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl600\sb113\sa170

\b\fs76 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\page List of requirements \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl210\sa113

\b0\fs18 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
As the SSAT was not an executive agency under the 
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Public Service Act 1999
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
 (or a Commonwealth entity under the 
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Public Governance, Performance and Accountability Act 2013
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
), the entire List does not apply to the SSAT. However, the SSAT endeavoured to apply the List and noted as not applicable (\'93n/a\'94) all items with which the SSAT could not comply. \

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trwWidth6204\trftsWidth3 \trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1776\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl180

\b\fs16 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Description\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl180\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Page\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trwWidth6204\trftsWidth3 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1776\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1

\b0 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Letter of transmittal\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
iii\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trwWidth6204\trftsWidth3 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1776\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Table of contents\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
iv\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trwWidth6204\trftsWidth3 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1776\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Index\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
55\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trwWidth6204\trftsWidth3 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1776\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Glossary\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
51\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trwWidth6204\trftsWidth3 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1776\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Contact officer(s)\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
50\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trwWidth6204\trftsWidth3 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1776\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Internet home page address and Internet address for report\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
50\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trwWidth6204\trftsWidth3 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1776\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl180

\b \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Review by President\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0

\b0\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trwWidth6204\trftsWidth3 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1776\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1

\fs16 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
President\'92s report\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
2\'964\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trwWidth6204\trftsWidth3 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1776\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Summary of significant issues and developments\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
n/a\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trwWidth6204\trftsWidth3 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1776\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Overview of SSAT\'92s performance and financial results\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
n/a\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trwWidth6204\trftsWidth3 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1776\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Outlook for following year\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
n/a\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trwWidth6204\trftsWidth3 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1776\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Significant issues and developments \'96 portfolio\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
n/a\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trwWidth6204\trftsWidth3 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1776\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl180

\b \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Overview of the SSAT\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0

\b0\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trwWidth6204\trftsWidth3 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1776\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1

\fs16 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Role and functions\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
6\'967\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trwWidth6204\trftsWidth3 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1776\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Organisational structure\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
7\'969\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trwWidth6204\trftsWidth3 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1776\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Outcome and programme structure\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
n/a\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trwWidth6204\trftsWidth3 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1776\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Where outcome and programme structures differ from PB Statements/PAES or other portfolio statements accompanying any other additional appropriation bills (other portfolio statements), details of variation and reasons for change\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
n/a\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trwWidth6204\trftsWidth3 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1776\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Portfolio structure\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
n/a\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trwWidth6204\trftsWidth3 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1776\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl180

\b \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Report on Performance\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0

\b0\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trwWidth6204\trftsWidth3 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1776\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1

\fs16 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Review of performance during the year in relation to programmes and contribution to outcomes\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
n/a\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trwWidth6204\trftsWidth3 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1776\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Actual performance in relation to deliverables and KPIs set out in PB Statements/PAES or other portfolio statements\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
n/a\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trwWidth6204\trftsWidth3 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1776\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Where performance targets differ from the PBS/ PAES, details of both former and new targets, and reasons for the change\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
n/a\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trwWidth6204\trftsWidth3 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1776\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Narrative discussion and analysis of performance\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
12\'9622\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trwWidth6204\trftsWidth3 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1776\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Trend information\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
12\'9622\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trwWidth6204\trftsWidth3 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1776\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Significant changes in nature of principal functions/services\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
n/a\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trwWidth6204\trftsWidth3 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1776\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Performance of purchaser/provider arrangements \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
n/a\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trwWidth6204\trftsWidth3 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1776\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Factors, events or trends influencing SSAT performance\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
12\'9622\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trwWidth6204\trftsWidth3 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1776\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Contribution of risk management in achieving objectives\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
n/a\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trwWidth6204\trftsWidth3 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1776\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Performance against service charter customer service standards, complaints data, and the SSAT\'92s response to complaints\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
22\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trwWidth6204\trftsWidth3 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1776\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Discussion and analysis of the SSAT\'92s financial performance\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
14\'9615\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trwWidth6204\trftsWidth3 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1776\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Discussion of any significant changes in financial results from the prior year, from budget or anticipated to have a \uc0\u8232 significant impact on future operations\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
n/a\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trwWidth6204\trftsWidth3 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1776\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Agency resource statement and summary resource tables by outcomes\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
n/a\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trwWidth6204\trftsWidth3 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1776\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl180

\b \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Management and Accountability \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0

\b0\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trwWidth6204\trftsWidth3 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1776\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1

\fs16 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Corporate Governance\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0

\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trwWidth6204\trftsWidth3 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1776\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1

\fs16 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Agency heads are required to certify their agency\'92s actions in dealing with fraud\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
n/a\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trwWidth6204\trftsWidth3 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1776\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Statement of the main corporate governance practices in place\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
24\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trwWidth6204\trftsWidth3 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1776\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Names of the senior executive and their responsibilities\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
8\'969\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trwWidth6204\trftsWidth3 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1776\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Senior management committees and their roles\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
24\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trwWidth6204\trftsWidth3 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1776\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Corporate and operational plans and associated performance reporting and review\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
n/a\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trwWidth6204\trftsWidth3 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1776\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Internal audit arrangements including approach adopted to identifying areas of significant financial or operational risk and arrangements to manage those risks\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
n/a\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trwWidth6204\trftsWidth3 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1776\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Policy and practices on the establishment and maintenance of appropriate ethical standards\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
n/a\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trwWidth6204\trftsWidth3 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1776\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
How nature and amount of remuneration for SES officers is determined\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
n/a\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trwWidth6204\trftsWidth3 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1776\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
External Scrutiny\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0

\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trwWidth6204\trftsWidth3 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1776\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1

\fs16 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Significant developments in external scrutiny\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
n/a\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trwWidth6204\trftsWidth3 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1776\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Judicial decisions and decisions of administrative tribunals and by the Australian Information Commissioner\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
17\'9622\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trwWidth6204\trftsWidth3 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1776\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Reports by the Auditor-General, a Parliamentary Committee, the Commonwealth Ombudsman or an agency capability review\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
24\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trwWidth6204\trftsWidth3 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1776\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Management of Human Resources\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0

\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trwWidth6204\trftsWidth3 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1776\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1

\fs16 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Assessment of effectiveness in managing and developing human resources to achieve the SSAT\'92s objectives\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
24\'9625\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trwWidth6204\trftsWidth3 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1776\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Workforce planning, staff turnover and retention\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
24\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trwWidth6204\trftsWidth3 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1776\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Impact and features of enterprise or collective agreements, individual flexibility arrangements (IFAs), determinations, common law contracts and Australian Workplace Agreements (AWAs)\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
25\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trwWidth6204\trftsWidth3 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1776\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Training and development undertaken and its impact\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
25\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trwWidth6204\trftsWidth3 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1776\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Work health and safety performance\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
25, 41\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trwWidth6204\trftsWidth3 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1776\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Productivity gains\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
25\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trwWidth6204\trftsWidth3 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1776\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Statistics on staffing\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
34\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trwWidth6204\trftsWidth3 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1776\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Statistics on employees who identify as Indigenous\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
34\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trwWidth6204\trftsWidth3 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1776\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Enterprise or collective agreements, IFAs, determinations, common law contracts and AWAs\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
25, 34\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trwWidth6204\trftsWidth3 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1776\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Performance pay\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
n/a\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trwWidth6204\trftsWidth3 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1776\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Assets management\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0

\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trwWidth6204\trftsWidth3 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1776\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1

\fs16 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Assessment of effectiveness of assets management \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
n/a\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trwWidth6204\trftsWidth3 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1776\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Purchasing\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0

\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trwWidth6204\trftsWidth3 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1776\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1

\fs16 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Assessment of purchasing against core policies and principles\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
25\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trwWidth6204\trftsWidth3 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1776\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Consultants\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0

\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trwWidth6204\trftsWidth3 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1776\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1

\fs16 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
The annual report must include a summary statement detailing the number of new consultancy services contracts let during the year; the total actual expenditure on all new consultancy contracts let during the year (inclusive of GST); the number of ongoing consultancy contracts that were active in the reporting year; and the total actual expenditure in the reporting year on the ongoing consultancy contracts (inclusive of GST). The annual report must include a statement noting that information on contracts and consultancies is available through the AusTender website.\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
25\'9626\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trwWidth6204\trftsWidth3 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1776\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Australian National Audit Office Access Clauses\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0

\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trwWidth6204\trftsWidth3 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1776\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1

\fs16 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Absence of provisions in contracts allowing access by the Auditor-General\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
26\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trwWidth6204\trftsWidth3 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1776\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Exempt contracts\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0

\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trwWidth6204\trftsWidth3 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1776\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1

\fs16 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Contracts exempted from publication in AusTender\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
26\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trwWidth6204\trftsWidth3 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1776\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl180

\b \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Financial Statements\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0

\b0\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trwWidth6204\trftsWidth3 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1776\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1

\fs16 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Financial Statements\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
n/a\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trwWidth6204\trftsWidth3 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1776\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl180

\b \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Other mandatory information\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri0

\b0\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trwWidth6204\trftsWidth3 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1776\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1

\fs16 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Work health and safety (Schedule 2, Part 4 of the 
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Work Health and Safety Act 2011
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
)\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
25, 41\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trwWidth6204\trftsWidth3 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1776\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Advertising and Market Research (Section 311A of the 
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Commonwealth Electoral Act 1918
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
)
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
 
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
and statement on advertising campaigns\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
26\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trwWidth6204\trftsWidth3 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1776\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Ecologically sustainable development and environmental performance (Section 516A of the 
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Environment Protection and Biodiversity Conservation Act 1999
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
)\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
42\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trwWidth6204\trftsWidth3 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1776\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Compliance with the agency\'92s obligations under the 
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Carer Recognition Act 2010
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
n/a\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trwWidth6204\trftsWidth3 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1776\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Grant programmes\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
n/a\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trwWidth6204\trftsWidth3 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1776\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Disability reporting \'96 explicit and transparent reference to agency-level information available through other reporting mechanisms\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
27\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trwWidth6204\trftsWidth3 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1776\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Information Publication Scheme statement\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
27\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trwWidth6204\trftsWidth3 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1776\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Correction of material errors in previous annual report\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
44\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trwWidth6204\trftsWidth3 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4428\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1776\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
List of Requirements\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri2\sl288\slmult1\qr
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
52\'9654\cell \lastrow\row
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl210\sa113

\fs18 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl280\sb283\sa57

\b\fs28 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri2\sl600\sb113\sa170

\fs76 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\page Index\
\pard\tqr\tx6096\tqr\tx6804\tqr\tx9016\pardeftab720\li220\fi-220\ri2\sl210\sa96

\b0\fs17 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Access to justice 17, 49\
Accessiblity 17\
Administrative Appeals Tribunal (AAT) 2-4, 17-21\
Advertising 26\
Amalgamation of tribunals 2-4, 6, 14\
Budget 
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
See
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
 Funding\
Centrelink 6, 12-13, 17-21\
	Review outcomes 12, 38\
Child support 6, 13-14, 21-22\
	Review outcomes 13, 40\
Child Support Registrar (CSR) 6, 14, 16\
Committees 24\
Complaints 22\
Consultants 25-26\
Contracts 26\
Court decisions 21-22\
Department of Human Services (DHS) 6, 24, 25\
Department of Social Services (DSS) 6, 24 \
Deputy Principal Member 4, 7-8, 24\
District Registrar 8-9, 24\
Directions hearing 15\
Disability strategy 27\
Enterprise Agreement 25\
Environmental management 26, 42\
External scrutiny 24\
Freedom of Information 27\
Funding 9, 14\
Further reviews and appeals 17-22\
Human resources 24-25\
Interpreters 16-17\
Jurisdiction 6\
Legal services expenditure 43\
Members 3, 7-8\
	List of 30-33\
National Office 9\
Ombudsman (Commonwealth) 24\
Organisational structure 9\
Outcomes 12-14\
Outreach 
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
See
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
 Access to justice\
Paid Parental Leave 6, 13\
	Review outcomes 13, 39\
Pre-hearing conference 
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
See
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
 Directions hearing\
Principal Member 4, 8, 24\
Productivity 9, 25\
Purchasing 25\
Registrar 8, 24\
Registries 8-9, 24 \
Risk management 24, 41\
Senior Executive Service (SES) 8, 34\
Senior Member 8\
Single member panels 3, 14\
Staff 8-9, 24-25, 34\
Statistics\
	Application outcomes 38-40\
	Application processing 35-37\
	Interpreters 17\
	Performance 12\
	Single member panels 3\
	Staffing 34\
	Timeliness 15\
Timeliness 15-16\
Training and development 25\
Wellness 24\
Work Health & Safety 24, 25, 41\
Workplace Agreement 
\i \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
See
\i0 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
 Enterprise Agreement
\fs20 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
\
}  9f'
+-8n  \30