{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red183\green9\blue7;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww19360\viewh14480\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\qc

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 Records Master\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs28 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f1 \cf0 Records Master is a secure file manager that allows you to collect important records (such as bank statements, credit card statements investment records, bills or receipts) in a database and allow for:\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li740\fi-740\ql\qnatural
\cf0 	\'95 easy addition of new files (importing),\
	\'95 organization of files in hierarchical folders,\
	\'95 optional organization of files by date,\
	\'95 easy access to existing files (browsing, finding, smart folders exporting, printing)\
	\'95 the ability to associate notes with files or folders,\
	\'95 the ability to associate attributes with files (e.g., cost) and produce reports based on those attributes, reminders to download or scan in recurring records such as financial statements, (including an integrated website password manager with advanced features to make it easy for you to go to websites to download the records),\
	\'95 encrypting the database, and\
	\'95 automatic or manual backup of the database.\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 Think of it as a replacement for a file cabinet but with easier filing and retrieval. You can also use it just to keep any files together...especially useful for PDFs.\
\
A trend today with financial institutions and utilities is to stop sending paper copies of bills and statements, and instead make them available online. However, this information is not available online forever, and is inconvenient to access across all of your financial institutions because you have to login to multiple web sites. If you wanted to review all your statements for December of 2005, you would have a lot of work to do. Though the online statements are often available for downloading, you have problem of organizing the information. Records Master addresses this problem by providing a database customized for storing and accessing such records in a single database file. If you still get some statements only in paper form and you have a scanner, then you might find it more convenient to scan the statements and store them in Records Master rather than maintaining a paper file system. You could also scan and organize receipts, instructions, etc. Also, MacOS X allows you to print anything to PDF, which you could then save in Records Master.\
\
Even though Records Master was motivated by the problem of managing large amounts of bills and statements, it could be used to organize any files on your computer.\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\b \cf2 Note
\b0 : Records Master was originally released as Records Manager. Registered Records Manager users are automatically registered for Records Master.\cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 \
Macintosh Requirements\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf0 \
Records Master is a Cocoa (MacOS X only) application. It runs on 10.4 and later. Universal Binary.\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 Installation
\b0 \
\
To install Records Master, just drag it to your Applications folder or anyplace else on your drive.  Do not run it from the disk image.\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\b \cf2 NOTE
\b0 : If you have any versions of Records Manager on your system you should trash them and empty the trash before running Records Master.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\qc
\cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 Purchasing Records Master\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf0 \
Records Master is shareware. You can try it out for 30 days, but if you still use it thereafter, you must register it. The price is very reasonable--$24. After 30 days, Records Master will not work unless you have registered it. \
\
If you are a registered user of my companion program, QIF Master, you can purchase Records Master for only $16 if you run it on the same machine on which QIF Master is running. This price is not applicable to prior purchases of Records Manager.\'a0\
\
You can also purchase a registration code for both Records Master and QIF Master as a bundle for $32.\
\
Registration includes future updates.\'a0\
\
To purchase Records Master, select 
\b Registration...
\b0  under the 
\b Records Master
\b0  Menu, and click on the 
\b Purchase Registration Code
\b0  button. You will be taken to a web site where you can choose among the above options, then to a Google Checkout web site where you can\'a0pay by credit card. Once you have paid, you will receive a registration code via email.\'a0 You can enter this code into Records Master\'a0
\b Registration...
\b0  dialog.\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 Documentation
\b0 \
\
Complete documentation for Records Master is provided as help from within the application.\
\

\b Version History\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f2\fs32 \cf0 7.51 - Bug fix:\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li740\fi-740\ql\qnatural
\cf0 	\'95 Worked around a bug in 10.6 that prevented creating new databases.
\f0\fs24 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f2\fs32 \cf0 7.5 - Feature enhancement and bug fix:\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li740\fi-740\ql\qnatural
\cf0 	\'95 The browser icons for Records Master-maintained folders (Unfiled and Import Logs) are now red.\
	\'95 Fixed bug in finding from a selected file in a Smart Folder.
\f0\fs24 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f2\fs32 \cf0 7.4 - Feature enhancements:\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li740\fi-740\ql\qnatural
\cf0 	\'95 Smart Folders created from selected files will now remember the location of the files in the database even if they are moved or have their name changed.\
	\'95 Double-clicking a Smart Folder created from selected files now selects all of the actual files in the Browser.\
	\'95 Smart Folder names can now be edited with the Rename button.\
	\'95 Files in Smart Folders now have proper icons.\
	\'95 Improved error checking in Find Dialog and Button Select callout.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\ql\qnatural
\cf0 7.31 - Fixed bug in creating a smart folder by selecting files using tags, months, or years (Button Select feature).\
7.3 - Feature enhancements:\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li740\fi-740\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs28 \cf0 	\'95 
\f2\fs32 Added the ability to find files by content and highlight matched text in displayed files.
\f0\fs24 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 \
7.2 - Feature and performance enhancements and bug fixes:\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li740\fi-740\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs28 \cf0 	\'95 
\f0\fs24 Added the 
\b Find Previous
\b0  command with keyboard shortcut command-shift-G.\

\f1\fs28 	\'95 
\f0\fs24 Changed the keyboard shortcut for 
\b Go To URL
\b0  to command-shift-U.\

\f1\fs28 	\'95 
\f0\fs24 Added progress indicators in Browser when files or reports are displayed.\

\f1\fs28 	\'95 
\f0\fs24 Added progress indicator in upper LH corner of database window for Find command.\

\f1\fs28 	\'95 
\f0\fs24 Added a status message above the file display when 
\b Find
\b0  and select matching finds nothing.\

\f1\fs28 	\'95 
\f0\fs24 GREATLY improved performance when the 
\b Find
\b0  command selects multiple items on the browser.\

\f1\fs28 	\'95 
\f0\fs24 Displayed files no longer scroll to their start when a database is brought forward.\

\f1\fs28 	\'95 
\f0\fs24 Fixed bug encrypting databases that contain filenames starting with "-".\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f1\fs28 \cf0 \
7.1 - Feature enhancements:\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li740\fi-740\ql\qnatural
\cf0 	\'95 Added ability to create a smart folder easily by selecting files using tags in addition to month and year.
\f0\fs24 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f1\fs28 \cf0 7.01 - Fixed bug in display of certain file types.\
\
7.0 - Feature enhancements:\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li740\fi-740\ql\qnatural
\cf0 	\'95 Added the ability to associate multiple tags with files, manually or automatically.\
	\'95 Added the ability to find files based on their tags.\
	\'95 Now runs only on Mac OS 10.4 or later; version 6.9x will remain available for 10.3 users.
\f0\fs24 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f1\fs28 \cf0 6.91 - Feature enhancement and bug fix:\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li740\fi-740\ql\qnatural
\cf0 	\'95 Added "whole word" match option for Autofile.\
	\'95 Refixed bug printing individual PDF files on Intel platform.
\f0\fs24 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f1\fs28 \cf0 \
6.9 - Feature enhancements:\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li740\fi-740\ql\qnatural
\cf0 	\'95 Added the ability to create a smart folder easily by selecting files using month and year.\
	\'95 Improved dialog for editing custom attribute names.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
6.8 - Feature enhancement:\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li740\fi-740\ql\qnatural
\cf0 	\'95 When a new password is generated, the old one is put in the notes with date and time.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
6.79 - Feature enhancements and bug fix:\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li740\fi-740\ql\qnatural
\cf0 	\'95 Reminders improvement: The selected reminder is now automatically checked off when a file is imported or moved into the reminder's folder.\
	\'95 By default, if a reminder is selected, files are imported into the reminder's folder.\
	\'95 Added a preference to allow the priority order of how the folder to import into is selected among 1) the selected reminder folder, 2) the folder selected in the browser, 3) the folder that matches the filename, and 4) the folder whose autofile specification matches a text or searchable PDF file.\
	\'95 Reorganized and clarified all preferences.\
	\'95 Fixed bug printing individual PDF files on Intel platform.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
6.78 - Feature enhancement and bug fix:\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li740\fi-740\ql\qnatural
\cf0 	\'95 The Backup Database menu item is now disabled if the database has not been changed since last backup.\
	\'95 Fixed printing bug.
\f0\fs24 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f1\fs28 \cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 6.77 - Feature enhancement\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li740\fi-740\ql\qnatural
\cf0 	\'95 Added the ability to go to the 20 most recent websites you have visited via Records Master through the "Go To Recent Website" menu under the "File" menu.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 6.76 - Feature enhancement:\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li740\fi-740\ql\qnatural
\cf0 	\'95 Files and folders can now be dragged between database browsers to copy from one database to another.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
6.75 - Feature enhancements:\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li740\fi-740\ql\qnatural
\cf0 	\'95 Added option to ignore case when sorting (under Sorting menu). \
	\'95 The Import Logs folder is no longer expanded when a log is added to it.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
6.74 - Feature enhancement:\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li740\fi-740\ql\qnatural
\cf0 	\'95 Log entry is no longer selected along with imported file(s). \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
6.73 - Feature enhancements:\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li740\fi-740\ql\qnatural
\cf0 	\'95 When a year folder is selected in the Browser, and it contains only one file, that file is displayed.\
	\'95 When a file is found, and it is the only file in a month folder, the month folder is selected and the file is displayed, unless that month folder is the only one in a year folder, in which case the year folder is selected and the file is displayed.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
6.72 - Feature enhancements and bug fixes:\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li740\fi-740\ql\qnatural
\cf0 	\'95 Added a preference to enable the creation of a log file for each import.\
	\'95 Hovering over a Browser item now displays its location within the database (10.4+ only).\
	\'95 Fixed user interface glitch in AutoFile attributes.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li740\fi-740\ql\qnatural
\cf0 6.71 - Feature enhancements and bug fix:\
	\'95 Dropping multiple files on the Records Master icon to import them now treats them as a single import, highlighting all of them in the browser after importing.\
	\'95 Prevented importing Records Master databases.\
	\'95 Fixed bug in editing Import Folder Specifications.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
6.7 - Feature enhancement:\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li740\fi-740\ql\qnatural
\cf0 	\'95 You can now specify the date range for reports.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
6.6 - Feature enhancement:\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li740\fi-740\ql\qnatural
\cf0 	\'95 Each database can now have its own Import Folder.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
6.5 - Feature enhancements and bug fix:\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li740\fi-740\ql\qnatural
\cf0 	\'95 Improved AutoFile folder matching using specified string.\
	\'95 Improved website password manager interface.\
	\'95 Fixed entry of tabs before automatic user id and password entry.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
6.4 - Feature enhancements:\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li740\fi-740\ql\qnatural
\cf0 	\'95 Changed the "Filing" file attribute tab to "AutoFile" to better denote its purpose.\
	\'95 When searching for dates to AutoFile, dates without years are now supported.\
	\'95 When searching for dates to AutoFile, now looks for ending dates only after starting dates, resulting in more accurate date finding.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
6.3 - Feature enhancement and bug fix:\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li740\fi-740\ql\qnatural
\cf0 	\'95 Added notification that automatic website login is in process.\
	\'95 Fixed website password manager interface glitch.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
6.2 - Bug fix:\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li740\fi-740\ql\qnatural
\cf0 	\'95 Fixed bug causing certain reminders not to go away when checked.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
6.1 - Feature and reliability enhancements and bug fix:\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li740\fi-740\ql\qnatural
\cf0 	\'95 Automatic filing now works for many PDFs--10.4 or greater only.\
	\'95 "Go To URL" function added to File menu.\
	\'95 Improved reliability with more index enhancements.\
	\'95 Fixed bug in backup when saving only 1 backup copy.\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 6.0 - Reliability and performance enhancement:\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li740\fi-740\ql\qnatural
\cf0 	\'95 Completely rewrote internal index structure to: 1) dramatically improve performance for large databases and 2) greatly improve ability to recover from disk errors, freezes, or crashes, so your data is even more secure.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
5.9 - Feature enhancement:\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li740\fi-740\ql\qnatural
\cf0 	\'95 Improved website password manager functionality and user interface to accommodate more websites.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
5.89 - Feature enhancements:\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li740\fi-740\ql\qnatural
\cf0 	\'95 When multiple items are dragged in the Bowser, they now remain selected.\
	\'95 Performance improvement when finding and selecting multiple items.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
5.88 - Feature enhancements:\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li740\fi-740\ql\qnatural
\cf0 	\'95 Added option to delete files from a database or from the Import Folder securely, overwriting them with random data before deletion.\
	\'95 Added option added to securely delete backup databases, overwriting them with random data before deletion.\
	\'95 Added new "Security" menu for above and encryption functions.\
	\'95 Reorganized the "File" menu.\
	\'95 Improved feedback during backup.\
\
5.87 - Leopard compatibility release.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
5.86 - Feature enhancement:\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li740\fi-740\ql\qnatural
\cf0 	\'95 1Q, 2Q, 3Q, and 4Q can now be used to specify quarters in filenames.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
5.85 -  Feature enhancements:\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li740\fi-740\ql\qnatural
\cf0 	\'95 Improved how multiple found items are handled in the history...back button now steps through each found item.\
	\'95 Improved performance of file display.\
	\'95 Added a warning for encrypted databases without automatic backups enabled.\
	\'95 Added the ability to attempt recovery of a corrupted database by holding down OPTION key while opening.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
5.83 - Bug fixes\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li740\fi-740\ql\qnatural
\cf0 	\'95 Fixed problem with encrypting empty databases.\
	\'95 Fixed problem displaying .txt files as movies.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
5.82 - Feature enhancement and bug fix:\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li740\fi-740\ql\qnatural
\cf0 	\'95 Improved user interface when importing by dragging a file into the browser.\
	\'95 Fixed bug in display of PDFs.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
5.81 - Bug fixes\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li740\fi-740\ql\qnatural
\cf0 	\'95 Fixed problem displaying PDFs in databases not on the boot volume.\
	\'95 Fixed rare case where registration code had to be entered on each launch.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
5.8 - Feature enhancements and bug fix:\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li740\fi-740\ql\qnatural
\cf0 	\'95 Added support for website user IDs that are in 2 parts.\
	\'95 Added additional website user ID automatic entry option: go to URL, type tab to enter first field, then user ID.\
	\'95 Limited Quicktime display to most common video/audio types only, so it does not display text and pdf files.\
	\'95 PDF files with extensions other than .pdf now display and print properly.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
5.7 - Feature enhancement and bug fix:\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li740\fi-740\ql\qnatural
\cf0 	\'95 Quicktime video and audio files can now be played from the file display panel.\
	\'95 Fixed bug in rearranging folders in the browser view.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
5.6 Feature enhancements and bug fixes:\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li740\fi-740\ql\qnatural
\cf0 	\'95 Enhanced quality of display of PDF files (10.4+ only).\
	\'95 Allows PDF forms to be filled out and printed. (10.4+ only).\
	\'95 Fixed display of PDF files containing different page sizes.\
	\'95 Minor performance improvements with Smart Folders.\
	\'95 Improved error messages for deleting.\
	\'95 Added the number of days left on trial to Registration dialog.\
	\'95 Fixed bug in creation of Smart Folders.\
	\'95 Fixed bug causing deleted folders to not be removed from the history or reminders.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
5.5 - Feature enhancement:\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li740\fi-740\ql\qnatural
\cf0 	\'95 Added support in the folder website attributes (Password Manager) for sites that require the password to be entered manually, e.g., via an on-screen keypad.\
\
5.4 - Feature enhancement:\
	\'95 Added Generate Password function to folder website attributes (Password Manager).\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
5.3 - Feature enhancement and other updates:\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li740\fi-740\ql\qnatural
\cf0 	\'95 Add ability to automatically enter user ID for a website.\
	\'95 Reorganized website (password manager) attributes.\
	\'95 Reorganized preferences.\
	\'95 Added help buttons for all attribute panels.\
	\'95 Reorganized documentation for folder attributes.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
5.2 - Feature enhancements:\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li740\fi-740\ql\qnatural
\cf0 	\'95 Add ability to put the displayed document or report in clipboard when copy is specified.\
	\'95 Improved automatic repair of corrupted databases.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
5.1 - Feature enhancement and bug fix:\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li740\fi-740\ql\qnatural
\cf0 	\'95 Added ability to email selected files with Mail.\
	\'95 Fixed bug in entering userID and passwords for web sites.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
5.0 - Feature enhancement and other updates:\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li740\fi-740\ql\qnatural
\cf0 	\'95 Added website password manager to facilitate going to websites to download records.\
	\'95 Updated Adobe icon to their current one.\
	\'95 Improved documentation.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
4.9 - Feature enhancement:\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li740\fi-740\ql\qnatural
\cf0 	\'95 Added quarter specifications to autofiled file names (e.g. "folder+Q2" or "folder+2006q1").\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
4.8 - Feature enhancements and bug fix:\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li740\fi-740\ql\qnatural
\cf0 	\'95 Added the ability to find using "path is".\
	\'95 Improved status messages.\
	\'95 Fixed bug in creating Smart Folders with the button below the Browser.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
4.7 - Feature enhancement:\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li740\fi-740\ql\qnatural
\cf0 	\'95 Multiple files, folders, or reports can now be printed at the same time.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
4.6 - Feature enhancements and bug fix:\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li740\fi-740\ql\qnatural
\cf0 	\'95 Added the ability to import the contents of the clipboard as a file (under 
\b File
\b0  menu).\
	\'95 Added the ability to import applications into encrypted databases.\
	\'95 Fixed glitch in icon display introduced in release 4.5.\
\
4.5 - Feature enhancements and bug fix:\
	\'95 Multiple files, folders, or reports can now be exported at the same time.\
	\'95 When exporting a smart folder, you can choose whether to export the associated report (as a .csv file) or the folder and its contents.\
	\'95 Improved performance for large databases.\
	\'95 Simplified and improved the delete confirmation message.\
	\'95 Improved icons shown in the browser.\
	\'95 Fixed bug in creating smart folders.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
4.4 - Feature enhancements and bug fix:\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li740\fi-740\ql\qnatural
\cf0 	\'95 Added forward and back buttons to the Browser, allowing you to retrace the history of what you have selected.\
	\'95 When multiple items are imported at the same time, they are placed in the history, allowing you to easily look at each one individually.\
	\'95 Updated documentation about importing.\
	\'95 Fixed bug concerning dragging files and folders to the browser.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
4.3 User interface enhancement and bug fix:\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li740\fi-740\ql\qnatural
\cf0 	\'95 Improved status info presented as file path when a single file is not selected in the browser.\
	\'95 Fixed bug concerning locked files.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
4.2 - Bug fixes:\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li740\fi-740\ql\qnatural
\cf0 	\'95 Importing locked files is now supported.\
	\'95 Importing folders with custom icons works properly now.\
	\'95 Importing from folders with custom icons works properly now.\
	\'95 Fixed a bug affecting the ability to view file packages (e.g. rtfd files) in encrypted databases.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
4.1 - User interface enhancement and bug fixes:\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li740\fi-740\ql\qnatural
\cf0 	\'95 The height of the panel to display all reminders is now remembered (until relaunch) if the user changes it.\
	\'95 Improved error checking in the add/edit custom attribute name dialog.\
	\'95 Fixed a bug in creating custom attribute names.\
	\'95 Fixed a bug deleting files (introduced in 4.0).\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 4.0 - Feature and user interface enhancements:\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li740\fi-740\ql\qnatural
\cf0 	\'95 Added scheduled reminders, associated with folders, to remind you when to download or scan in particular records.\
	\'95 Files and folders can now be dragged from the Finder into the Browser to import them.\
	\'95 Sorting options are now per-database, and are set using the new "Sorting" menu, not the Preferences.\
	\'95 When you create a new folder, you are now automatically able to edit its name.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
3.6: Fixed bug with searching Smart Folder names.\
\
3.5 - Performance and user interface enhancements and bug fixes:\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li740\fi-740\ql\qnatural
\cf0 	\'95 Improved performance of importing, moving, and deleting files and folders.\
	\'95 Smart Folders no longer automatically expand when dragging items in the browser.\
	\'95 Fixed a bug in importing aliases within imported folders.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
3.4 - Reliability and user interface enhancements and bug fixes:\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li740\fi-740\ql\qnatural
\cf0 	\'95 Databases are now checked for internal consistency when opened, with a progress bar is displayed. This helps prevent data loss in cases where your system crashes or freezes with a database open.\
	\'95 Reorganized backup preferences to make it clearer that a backup location can be set even though you do not backup automatically.\
	\'95 Improved user interface for smart folder attributes.\
	\'95 Fixed bug in editing smart folder names.\
	\'95 Fixed bug in sorting top-level folders in the Browser.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
3.3 - Reliability and user interface enhancements:\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li740\fi-740\ql\qnatural
\cf0 	\'95 Added internal consistency check and repair on database open, along with an opening progress bar.\
	\'95 Improved layout of backup preferences.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
3.2 - Reliability and user interface enhancements:\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li740\fi-740\ql\qnatural
\cf0 	\'95 Improved recovery of encrypted databases after system crash with database open.\
	\'95 When adding new custom attributes, allow case-insensitive matching of custom attribute names \
	\'95 When adding new custom attributes, ignore keystrokes that would not match an existing custom attribute name.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
3.1 - Feature enhancement, reliability improvements, bug fixes:\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li740\fi-740\ql\qnatural
\cf0 	\'95 Added the ability to import aliases (importing the referenced file with the alias name).\
	\'95 Improved recovery from extraordinary occurrences such as system crashes.\
	\'95 Fixed window resizing bug.\
	\'95 Fixed crash when trying to import into a read-only database.\
	\'95 Fixed deletion of ignored items in the import folder.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
3.0 - Feature improvements, bug fix, and name change:\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li740\fi-740\ql\qnatural
\cf0 	\'95 Name changed from Records Manager to Records Master. \'a0Registered Records Manager users remain registered for Records Master.\
	\'95 Added the ability to associate custom attributes with imported files, such as cost or amount.\
	\'95 Added the ability to produce text reports, line graphs, bar graphs, and comma-separated-value files based on custom attributes associated with imported files.\
	\'95 Added the ability to find files based on their custom attributes.\
	\'95 Added the ability to find files and folders based on "path starts with".\
	\'95 Added the ability to create a Smart Folder containing files selected in the browser panel.\
	\'95 Added the ability to import directory hierarchies.\
	\'95 Added progress bar when deleting files or folders.\
	\'95 Changed icon for show/hide attributes panel.\
	\'95 Fixed bug in editing Smart Folder names.\
	\'95 Now runs on Intel-based Macs (Universal Binary).\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
2.95 - Fixed bug with unencrypted read-only databases\
\
2.94 - Added new type of Find that selects all found items.\
\
2.93 - Improved error checking for corrupted databases.\
\
2.92 - Fixed bug in display of MB file sizes.\
\
2.91 - Feature enhancement:\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li740\fi-740\ql\qnatural
\cf0 	\'95 Added ability to automatically check for updates, controlled by a preference.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
2.9 - Feature enhancement and bug fix:\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li740\fi-740\ql\qnatural
\cf0 	\'95 Added ability to find by contents of notes.\
	\'95 Fixed bug in smart folders in encrypted databases.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
2.8 - Feature enhancements and bug fix:\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li740\fi-740\ql\qnatural
\cf0 	\'95 Reimplemented Find function to support multiple find criteria and to allow finding by modified date and pathname.\
	\'95 Added "Smart Folders" -- continuously-updated folders that contain files matching specified criteria.\
	\'95 Added folder/file icons to the folder/file window, to allow you to distinguish smart folders from regular folders.\
	\'95 Rearranged the file and folder attributes display so the built-in help information can be hidden if desired, to conserve screen real estate.\
	\'95 Made it easier to rearrange the folder "Unfiled" in the Browser.\
	\'95 Fixed display of file attribute dates when day-before-month date format is specified.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
2.7 - Feature enhancements:\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li740\fi-740\ql\qnatural
\cf0 	\'95 Added Backup Database command to backup upon demand.\
	\'95 Allowed word wrap in the folder/file notes.\
	\'95 Made format of modified date consistent with other dates.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
2.6 - Feature enhancements:\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li740\fi-740\ql\qnatural
\cf0 	\'95 Added file modification date and time to file attributes display.\
	\'95 File creation and modification dates are now preserved in encrypted databases.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
2.5 - Feature enhancement:\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li740\fi-740\ql\qnatural
\cf0 	\'95 Added the ability to drag/drop multiple files/folders.\
\
2.4 Feature enhancements and bug fixes:\
	\'95 Added the ability to create a Backup Folder to the Backup preferences.\
	\'95 Added the ability to create an Import Folder to the Importing preferences.\
	\'95 Made it impossible to select a folder that is not empty as the Import Folder.\
	\'95 Improved Import Folder documentation.\
	\'95 Fixed bugs in processing dates.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
2.3 - Feature enhancements and bug fixes:\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li740\fi-740\ql\qnatural
\cf0 	\'95 Replaced the attributes drawer with iTunes/iCal-like notes and attributes views in lower left corner of window, automatically shortening file/folder list as needed.\
	\'95 Added the ability to associate notes with folders as well as files.\
	\'95 Improved date entry in file attributes: if you enter only a starting date, the ending date is set equal. This is true for entering dates in imported filenames also. This convenient for receipts, which have only one date.\
	\'95 Changed "Reset Dates" button to "Clear Dates" in file attributes.\
	\'95 Added support for dates with format YYYYMMDD.\
	\'95 Moved the "Show/hide Attributes Editor" Button under the folder/file view.\
	\'95 Added help button to find panel.\
	\'95 Fixed bugs related to file importing in rare circumstances.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
2.2 - Feature enhancement and bug fix:\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li740\fi-740\ql\qnatural
\cf0 	\'95 Added the ability (controlled by a preference) to ensure that PDF files imported have a proper ".pdf' extension so they will display properly. This is useful because some web sites produce pdf with missing or wrong extensions.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 	\'95 Fixed a bug with folder names containing special characters such as "\'e9".\
\
2.1 Fixed bug in creating new databases.\
\
2.0 - Feature enhancements and bug fixes:\
	\'95 Added the ability to encrypt databases with 128 bit AES.\
	\'95 Read-only databases are now supported (either with read-only permissions or on read-only media.)\
	\'95 Documentation improvements.\
	\'95 Performance improvements.\
	\'95 Fixed bug in backup preferences.\
	\'95 Fixed bug in sorting preferences.\
\
1.5 - Feature enhancements and bug fix:\
	\'95 Added the ability to store notes about each file.\
	\'95 Various performance improvements.\
	\'95 Fixed bug in Find command.\
\
1.4 - Feature enhancements:\
	\'95 Added the ability to zoom and rotate images.\
\
1.3 - Bug Fixes:\
	\'95 Fixed compatibility with MacOS 10.2.8.\
	\'95 Restored automatic creation of first database.\
\
1.2 - Feature enhancements:\
	\'95 Show progress dialog when importing files.\
	\'95 Improved recovery after write error, force quit, or system freeze.\
\
1.1 - Feature enhancements and bug fix:\
	\'95 Show progress dialog when backing up a database.\
	\'95 Show an immediate error if backup fails.\
	\'95 Fixed a bug in defaulting start date of a file based on the end date entered into the attributes editor.\
\
Records Master Copyright \'a9 2005-2009 John Woodward. All rights reserved.\
\
SM2DGraphView Copyright \'a9 2002-2008 Snowmint Creative Solutions LLC\
http://www.snowmintcs.com/\
\
You may distribute Records Master unmodified via any media, as long as you keep it together with its Read Me file.}   014\cbr00i