{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1 \deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f28\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Verdana;}
{\f29\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f30\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f32\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f33\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\f34\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f35\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f36\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f253\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Verdana CE;}
{\f254\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Verdana Cyr;}{\f256\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Verdana Greek;}{\f257\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Verdana Tur;}{\f260\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Verdana Baltic;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;
\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 Normal;}{
\s1\ql \li0\ri0\keepn\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 1;}{\s2\ql \li0\ri0\keepn\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\b\fs18\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 2;}{\s7\ql \li0\ri0\keepn\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\outlinelevel6\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 
\sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 7;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}{\s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext15 
header;}{\s16\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext16 footer;}{\*\cs17 \additive \sbasedon10 page number;}{
\s18\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext18 Body Text 3;}{\s19\qj \fi180\li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\keep\widctlpar
\tx180\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext19 Body Text 2;}{\s20\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext20 footnote text;}{\*\cs21 \additive \super \sbasedon10 footnote reference;}{\s22\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\fs18\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext22 Body Text;}{\s23\qj \fi180\li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs18\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 
\sbasedon0 \snext23 Body Text Indent 2;}{\s24\qj \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\tx245\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs18\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext24 Body Text 2;}{\*\cs25 \additive \fs16 
\sbasedon10 annotation reference;}{\s26\qj \fi720\li0\ri0\sb240\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext26 annotation text;}{\*\cs27 \additive \ul\cf2 
\sbasedon10 Hyperlink;}}{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid-254882990\listsimple{\listlevel\levelnfc4\levelnfcn4\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat6\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fs18\chbrdr\brdrnone\brdrcf1 
\chshdng0\chcfpat1\chcbpat1 \fi-360\li360\jclisttab\tx360 }{\listname ;}\listid971792275}}{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid971792275\listoverridecount0\ls1}}{\info{\title SHRINKWRAP LICENSE}{\author Kevin Simons}{\operator Ino Dekker}
{\creatim\yr2007\mo3\dy29\hr16\min3}{\revtim\yr2007\mo3\dy29\hr16\min3}{\printim\yr2003\mo9\dy23\hr12\min13}{\version2}{\edmins2}{\nofpages2}{\nofwords1091}{\nofchars6219}{\nofcharsws7637}{\vern8243}}
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\formshade\horzdoc\dghspace180\dgvspace180\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow0\jexpand\viewkind1\viewscale144\viewzk2\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\nolnhtadjtbl \fet0
{\*\docvar {dgnword-docGUID}{\'7b8F4E0F6A-F40B-41B2-B6B5-018DFEE68DD7\'7d}}{\*\docvar {dgnword-eventsink}{29657336}}\sectd \linex0\endnhere\sectdefaultcl {\footer \pard\plain \s16\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar
\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {
\par \tab \tab Page }{\field{\*\fldinst {\cs17  PAGE }}{\fldrslt {\cs17\lang1024\langfe1024\noproof 1}}}{\cs17  of 2
\par }\pard \s16\qr \li0\ri0\widctlpar\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\cs17 P:bdg/con/06.260}{
\par }}{\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}
{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \s1\qc \li0\ri0\keepn\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\outlinelevel0\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\b\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\f28\fs18 SOFTWARE END USER LICENSE AGREEMENT
\par }\pard \s1\qj \li0\ri0\keepn\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\outlinelevel0\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b0\f28\fs18 
\par THIS SOFTWARE END USER LICENSE AGREEMENT (THIS \'93AGREEMENT\'94) IS A LEGAL AND BINDING AGREEMENT BETWEEN YOU (EITHER AN INDIVIDUAL OR ENTITY) AND PHILIPS LIGHTING B.V., HAVING ITS REGISTERED OFFICE AT MATHILDELAAN 1, P.O.}{\b0\caps\f28\fs18 Bo
x 80.020, 5600 Jm Eindhoven, The Netherlands, ("PHILIPS") REGARDING THE USE OF THE PHILIPS SOFTWARE (THE \'93SOFTWARE\'94) PROVIDED WITH PHILIPS\rquote  lIGHTING DESIGN PRODUCTS (THE \'93PRODUCT\'94), WHICH INCLUDES USER DOCUMENTATION}{\b0\f28\fs18 
 PROVIDED IN ELECTRONIC FORM. BY INSTALLI
NG OR USING THE SOFTWARE, YOU AGREE TO ALL OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS, DO NOT INSTALL OR USE THE SOFTWARE, AND RETURN THE PRODUCT, THE SOFTWARE, ALL MANUALS, DOCUMENTATION TO PHILIPS WI
THIN THIRTY (30) DAYS.
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\b\f28\fs18 
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\f28\fs18 Grant of License}{\f28\fs18 
. This Agreement grants you a personal, non-transferable, non-exclusive, revocable, non-sublicensable, royalty free license to install and use one (1) copy of the individualized version of the Software in object code 
format, in operating environment(s) subject to the specifications of the Software, for internal purposes only, on only one computer. This license does not permit you to use more than one instance of any copy of the Software. The Software is in \'93
use" on a computer when it is loaded into the temporary memory (i.e. RAM) or installed into the permanent memory (e.g., hard disk, CD-ROM, or other storage device, including removable storage devices such as flash memory) of that computer.  
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\f28\fs18 
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\f28\fs18 Ownership.}{\f28\fs18  The license granted hereunder does not constitute a transfer or sale of Philips\rquote  or its licensor\rquote 
s ownership rights in or to the Software. This Agreement grants you the right to use the Software, but you do not acquire any rights, express or implied, in the Software ot
her than those specified in this Agreement. Philips and its licensors retain all right, title, and interest in and to the Software, including all patents, copyrights, trade secrets, and other intellectual property rights incorporated therein. The Software
 is protected by copyright laws, international treaty provisions, and other intellectual property laws. Therefore, you may not use, copy, or distribute the Software without prior written authorization of Philips}{\f28\fs18 
, except that you may make one (1) copy of the Software for your back-up purposes only}{\f28\fs18 
. You may not copy the printed materials accompanying the Software, nor print copies of any user documentation provided in electronic form, except that you may make one (1) copy of such printed materials for your back-up purposes only. 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\f28\fs18 
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\f28\fs18 License Restrictions.}{\f28\fs18 
 Except as provided otherwise herein, you shall not rent, lease, sublicense, sell, assign, loan, or otherwise transfer the Software or use the Software for commercial timesharing. You shall not, and you shall not 
permit any third party, to reverse engineer, decompile, or disassemble the Software, except to the extent that the foregoing restriction is expressly prohibited by applicable law. You may not remove or destroy any product identification, copyright notices
,
 or other proprietary markings or restrictions from the Software. All titles, trademarks, and copyright and restricted rights notices shall be reproduced on all copies of the Software. You may not modify, copy, or adapt the Software, merge the Software in
to another program or create derivative works based upon the Software. You may not transfer your rights under this Agreement to any third parties.
\par }{\b\f28\fs18 
\par Termination}{\f28\fs18 . This Agreement shall be effective upon installation or first use of the Software and shall termi
nate: (i) at the discretion of Philips, due to your failure to comply with any term of this Agreement; or (ii) upon destruction of all copies of the Software and related materials provided to you by Philips hereunder. Philips\rquote 
s rights and your obligations 
shall survive the termination of this Agreement. Upon termination of this Agreement by Philips, you shall certify in writing to Philips that all copies of the Software, or any portion thereof, have either been returned to Philips or otherwise destroyed or
 deleted.
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\f28\fs18 
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\f28\fs18 Limited Warranty. }{\f28\fs18 
Philips warrants that the Software will perform substantially in accordance with the written user documentation accompanying the Software for a period of ninety (90) days after receipt by you. Philips\rquote s entire liability and your
 exclusive remedy for breach of this warranty shall be, at Philips\rquote 
s option, either (i) return of the price paid by you (if any); or (b) repair or replacement of the Software that does not meet the warranty set forth herein and that is returned to Philips 
with a copy of your receipt. This limited warranty shall be void if failure of the Software has resulted from any accident, abuse, misuse or misapplication by you. Any replacement Software will be warranted for the remainder of the original warranty perio
d or thirty (30) days, whichever is longer. This limited warranty shall not apply to you if you are using the Software on an evaluation only basis.
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\f28\fs18 
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\f28\fs18 NO OTHER WARRANTIES.}{\f28\fs18  EXCEPT AS SET FORTH ABOVE, THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED ON AN \'93AS IS\'94 BASIS. PHILIPS AND IT
S SUPPLIERS DO NOT WARRANT THAT THE SOFTWARE WILL OPERATE ERROR FREE OR UNINTERRUPTED, OR WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS. YOU ASSUME ALL RESPONSIBILITIES FOR SELECTION OF THE SOFTWARE TO ACHIEVE YOUR INTENDED RESULTS, AND FOR THE INSTALLATION OF, USE OF, AND
 
RESULTS OBTAINED FROM THE SOFTWARE. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, PHILIPS AND ITS SUPPLIERS DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FI
TNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF RESULTS WITH RESPECT TO THE SOFTWARE AND THE ACCOMPANYING MATERIALS. THERE IS NO WARRANTY AGAINST INTERFERENCE WITH THE ENJOYMENT OF THE SOFTWARE OR AGAINST INFRINGEMENT. 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\f28\fs18 
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\f28\fs18 LIMITATION OF LIABILITY.}{\f28\fs18 
 UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES WILL PHILIPS OR ITS LICENSORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES WHATSOEVER, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS OR REVENUES, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, LOSS OF 
BUSINESS INFORMATION, LOSS OF DATA, LOSS OF USE OR OTHER PECUNIARY LOSS, EVEN IF PHILIPS OR ITS LICENSORS HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. IN NO EVENT SHALL PHILIPS\rquote  OR ITS LICENSORS\rquote 
 AGGREGATE LIABILITY FOR DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT EXCEED THE GREATER OF THE PRICE ACTUALLY PAID BY YOU FOR THE SOFTWARE. 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\f28\fs18 
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\f28\fs18 U.S. Government Restricted Rights. }{\f28\fs18 
Use, reproduction, release, modification, or disclosure of the Software is restricted in accordance with FAR 12.212, 52.227-14, DFARS 227.7202, DFARS 252-227-7013 as well as by this Agreement.  
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\f28\fs18 
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\f28\fs18 Trademarks}{\f28\fs18 
. Certain of the product and Philips names used in this Agreement, the Software, and the written user documentation may constitute trademarks of the Philips, its licensors or other third parties. You are not authorized to use any such trademarks.  
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\f28\fs18 
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\f28\fs18 General. }{\f28\fs18 
This Agreement is governed by the laws of The Netherlands, without reference to its conflict of laws principles.  This Agreement is the entire agreement between you and Philips and sup
ersedes any other communications or advertising with respect to the Software and documentation. If any provision of this Agreement is held invalid, the remainder of this Agreement will continue in full force and effect.
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f28\fs18 
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\widctlpar\tx245\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f28\fs18 Should you have any questions conce
rning this Agreement, or if you desire to contact Philips for any reason, please contact lightingsoftware@philips.com.
\par }} is
I1a}i21[