{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\cocoartf824\cocoasubrtf480
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 This is an audio-only rip of a VHS I acquired from Mansfield Deathtrap Re-Recordings sometime in 2012. It consists of various live performances, none of which are formally dated; comparing the footage of my copy to that of live footage from Cock E.S.P.'s youtube channel, I've narrowed down the possible timeframes from roughly 2004 to 2005. There's also little mention in the footage of exactly who is performing aside the obvious Cock E.S.P. performances and one instance where "Right Arm Severed, fuck you!" can be heard. The only written information on the tape is as follows, formatting & errors in-tact:\
\
-cock e.s.p. in columbus, chicago\
-dB fest\
-cock e.s.p. in minneapolis\
-newton in chicago\
-high noon\
-nik & saras wedding\
\
Notes on the corresponding files:\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 01 Cock E.S.P. in Columbus.mp3\
Given both shows are back-to-back, I assume "in columbus, chicago" means "one show in columbus, another in chicago." In the 2004-2005 live compilation video on Cock E.S.P.'s youtube channel, this is the same set where Emil Hagstrom bodyslams a children's kitchen playset.\
\
02 Cock E.S.P. in Chicago.mp3\
Not sure if this one is ever shown on Cock E.S.P.'s youtube channel. Begins with Matt & Emil doing shots (the show is at a bar). Ends when they break a stool.\
\
03 dB fest 1 (unknown bands).mp3\
There's two bands on this track, partially because the cuts made on this tape are so quick it's difficult to separate one session from the next. First one is a couple of guys dressed in newspapers ending in pointed heads. They fiddle with various electronics and a fake plant which I assume has a contact mic on it. Next up is a duo, one man with a guitar and reel-to-reel deck, another with a mic'd facemask, various layers of clothing and some contraption made of a plastic bucket and a lamp. It's likely David Mansfield was involved in this band as he takes his mask off halfway through the show and you can see his face quite clearly.\
\
04 db fest 2 (Cock E.S.P.).mp3\
Given the similar interior to the last set, I assume this was also at "dB fest" (which as far as I've seen isn't mentioned on the Cock E.S.P. website) but for some reason wasn't mentioned on the tape's label. In the 2004-2005 live compilation video on Cock E.S.P.'s youtube channel, this is the same set where Matt yells at people to "get the fuck out!" in a donkey costume.\
\
05 db fest 3 (unknown band).mp3\
This is a crazy noiserock band whose faces can clearly be seen, but no other info is made apparent about them in the footage.\
\
06 Cock E.S.P. in Minneapolis.mp3\
Like the db fest set, there's a banner in the background reading "fuk u." Emil uses something like cellophane wrap on his mic. Not sure if this one can be seen on Cock E.S.P.'s youtube channel. \
\
07 Newton in Chicago.mp3\
Not sure if this is the same Newton from Southampton, PA or not. Either way, it's a crazy set with about 5-7 "performers" at any given time. Chairs are thrown; a woman in the audience goes crazy; a man wears a Campbell's soup costume while a projector displays nonsense visual loops.\
\
08 high noon 1 (unknown artist).mp3\
Really no clue who this person is.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 09 high noon 2 (unknown band, possibly Garage Indians).mp3\
Again, I'd assume David Mansfield is a part of this as you can clearly see him or someone who looks like him as one of the main four performers. He dresses in an elaborate headdress, hence my theory that it's Garage Indians. Another crazy set: everyone in the audience gets involved by dancing, bashing broken cymbals or kicking around a disco ball.\
\
10 high noon 3 (Right Arm Severed).mp3\
This is made apparent at the end when the performers cream out their names. A fittingly insane closing act with a mess of toilet paper being left at the end.\
\
11 Nik & Sara's wedding.mp3\
Just some footage of I guess the cameraman's friend getting hitched, with some audio anomalies.\
\
And that's all I know. I may try to contact David in the future for further info.}109Ðdcb03f65369–