{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f2\froman Times New Roman;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue255;}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.21.2510;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\lang1033\kerning36\b\f0\fs48\par
\pard\keepn\sb100\sa100 1.{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "viewtopic.php?t=1005142"}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul Ableton Live Suite 9.6.1 [Multi]}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs48\par
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\lang9\kerning0\b0\f1\fs22{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://itw.me/r/Fxkut"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://itw.me/r/Fxkut}}}\f1\fs22\par
\pard\lang1033\f0\fs24 Installation procedure :\line - Select the version depending on the OS bitness\line - Mount the image and drag the application to the folder with the programs. DO NOT RUN!\line\line Treatment: (archives of medicine (zip) advise the bitness of the installed program)\line - Start ALS v9.6.1_64Bit.command or ALS v9.6.1_32Bit.command (requires administrator password)\line - Run the program and drag the pop-up Authorize-96.mac.auz from Soochow. folder.\line\line Block any outgoing connections!\line * disable automatic program update (Live-Preferences-Licenses Maintenance - Get Automatic Updates - off)\line * checked in and only 10.11.4 x64\par
\pard\keepn\sb100\sa100 2. \kerning36\b\fs48{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "viewtopic.php?t=1005251"}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul Apple GarageBand 10.1.1 [Multi/Ru]}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs48\par
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\lang9\kerning0\b0\f1\fs22{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://itw.me/r/Z56mB"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://itw.me/r/Z56mB}}}\f1\fs22\par
\pard\lang1033\f0\fs24 Installation procedure:\line To mount the image and drag the application icon in the applications folder\par
\par
\pard\keepn\sb100\sa100 3. \kerning36\b\fs48{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "viewtopic.php?t=1005153"}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul Boinx FotoMagico 5.0.2 [En]}}}\cf0\kerning0\ulnone\b0\f0\fs24\par
\pard{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://itw.me/r/ISY1X"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://itw.me/r/ISY1X}}}\f0\fs24\par
Installation procedure:\line\f2\bullet\f0  Mount the image\line\f2\bullet\f0  Drag the icon FotoMagico in the applications folder\line\f2\bullet\f0  Register the program data from a text file\line\f2\bullet\f0  After registering, restart the program\line\line To avoid deactivation of the program to block access to the network.\line * Block the following domains version.boinx.com and sparkle.boinx.com.\par
\par
\pard\keepn\sb100\sa100 4.\kerning36\b\fs48{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "viewtopic.php?t=1005074"}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul Capture One Pro 9.1.1 [Multi/Ru]}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs48\par
\pard\kerning0\b0\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://itw.me/r/qGATd"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://itw.me/r/qGATd}}}\f0\fs24\par
\par
Installation procedure:\line\f2\bullet\f0  Mount the image\line\f2\bullet\f0  Drag the application icon (Capture One.app) in the applications folder\line Before using the patch to run the app at least once (the first Welcome screen / select version is more than enough), to complete the work and apply the patch.\line\f2\bullet\f0  Run the patch and through the open window of the patch (the round blue button with a magnifying glass) drag the icon previously installed program and wait for activation\line\line\f2\bullet\f0  When applying the patch, you may be prompted to download the developer tools Xcode - download anything not required\line\f2\bullet\f0  patch is compatible with 10.10.5 - 10.11+ (tested in 10.11.4)\par
\par
\pard\keepn\sb100\sa100 5. \kerning36\b\fs48{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "viewtopic.php?t=1004374"}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul Resume Templates for Pages 2016 v2.0 [En]}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs48\par
\pard\kerning0\b0\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://itw.me/r/VU0ho"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://itw.me/r/VU0ho}}}\f0\fs24\par
\par
Installation procedure:\line To mount the image and drag the application icon in the Programs folder\par
\par
6. \kerning36\b\fs48{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "viewtopic.php?t=1004209"}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul JetBrains WebStorm 2016.1.1 [En]}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs48\par
\kerning0\b0\fs24\par
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://itw.me/r/AlZwr"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://itw.me/r/AlZwr}}}\f0\fs24\par
\par
Installation procedure:\line\f2\bullet\f0  Mount the image and drag the application icon in the applications folder\line Treatment: \line - License server:\line * requires Internet connection\line\line 1. When the installation is complete put a tick "Run WebStorm"\line 2. In the "WebStorm License Activation" choose "License server"\line 3. Insert {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://idea.qinxi1992.cn/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://idea.qinxi1992.cn/}}}\f0\fs24\line 4. Click OK.\line ->(either from the window if took trial)\line 5. Run WebStorm\line 6. go to Help/Register... -> License server\line 7. enter {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://idea.qinxi1992.cn"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://idea.qinxi1992.cn}}}\f0\fs24\line if didn't work, one alternative (try top to bottom in order):\line - {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://us.idea.lanyus.com/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://us.idea.lanyus.com/}}}\f0\fs24\line -\line - {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://idea.lanyus.com/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://idea.lanyus.com/}}}\f0\fs24\line - {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://0.idea.lanyus.com"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://0.idea.lanyus.com}}}\f0\fs24\line - {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://1.idea.lanyus.com"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://1.idea.lanyus.com}}}\f0\fs24\line - {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://2.idea.lanyus.com"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://2.idea.lanyus.com}}}\f0\fs24\line - {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://3.idea.lanyus.com"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://3.idea.lanyus.com}}}\f0\fs24\line - {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://4.idea.lanyus.com"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://4.idea.lanyus.com}}}\f0\fs24\line - {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://15.idea.lanyus.com"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://15.idea.lanyus.com}}}\f0\fs24\line - {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://5.idea.lanyus.com"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://5.idea.lanyus.com}}}\f0\fs24\line 8. Click OK.\line\line * how safe is it - I am not aware of\line * from the information online from time to time there is a check on the server ...\par
\par
\pard\keepn\sb100\sa100 7.\kerning36\b\fs48{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "viewtopic.php?t=1005164"}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul Posterino 3.2.9 [Multi]}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs48\par
\pard\kerning0\b0\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://itw.me/r/anCt4"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://itw.me/r/anCt4}}}\f0\fs24\par
\par
Installation procedure:\line - Mount image and drag the application icon in the Programs folder\line - Before applying the patch run the program in demo mode and completely shut down the app\line - Run the patch and through the open window of the patch (the round blue button with a magnifying glass) drag the icon previously installed program and wait for activation\line\line\f2\bullet\f0  When applying the patch, you may be prompted to download the developer tools Xcode - download anything not required\line\f2\bullet\f0  patch is compatible with 10.9.5 - 10.11+\par
\par
\pard\keepn\sb100\sa100 8. \kerning36\b\fs48{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "viewtopic.php?t=1004658"}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul Reflect Studio 2.4 [En]}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs48\par
\pard\kerning0\b0\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://itw.me/r/yrkAY"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://itw.me/r/yrkAY}}}\f0\fs24  \par
Installation procedure:\line - Mount image and drag the application icon in the Programs folder\line - Run the patch and the open window patch drag the icon previously installed application, wait for the activation of the program\par
\par
\pard\keepn\sb100\sa100 9.\kerning36\b\fs48{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "viewtopic.php?t=1005276"}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul Priime Styles 1.0.1 [En]}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs48\par
\pard\kerning0\b0\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://itw.me/r/SgBUw"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://itw.me/r/SgBUw}}}\f0\fs24\par
Installation procedure:\line To mount the image and drag the application icon in the Programs folder\par
\par
10. \kerning36\b\fs48{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "viewtopic.php?t=1004660"}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul Circular Studio 1.3 [En]}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs48\par
\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://itw.me/r/WRSwh"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://itw.me/r/WRSwh}}}\f0\fs48\par
\kerning0\b0\fs24\par
Installation procedure:\line - Mount image and drag the application icon in the Programs folder\line - Run the patch and the open window patch drag the icon previously installed application, wait for the activation of the program\par
\kerning36\fs22\par
\b 11. \kerning0\b0\fs40 Apple Garageband 10.1.1\line\fs24\line The release took place: April 07, 2016\line Supported OS: OS x 10.9 +\line Developer: Apple Inc.\line Interface language: Russian, English, Dutch etc.\line Treatment: not required (the installer is already treated)\line System requirements:\line\bullet  Processor Intel\line\bullet  OS x 10.9 or later\line Description:\line Fully updated in the program garageband with a new interface and amazing new features, is the easiest way to create great-sounding song on Your Mac. Songs add realistic, impeccably produced and performed drum grooves to use with a drummer. Easily shape the sound of any instrument in the sound library using the Smart remote control. Squeeze the most out of the bass function bass Amp designer, or mix and match electric guitar amps, hardware system and pedal plug-ins with designer amps and pedals. Control garageband and play any software instrument wirelessly on Your iPad using the Logic remote control. Use iCloud to sync garageband projects on multiple Mac computers, or even import songs into garageband for iOS directly from iCloud.\par
\kerning36\b\fs48\par
\kerning0\b0\fs24\par
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f1\fs22\par
}
  4c	14ù