{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang2057\deflangfe2057{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.15.1503;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\b\f0\fs20 Once\par
\b0 A story-scene by \i Llyander\i0\par
\par
For weeks he watched her carefully, patiently, hidden on the roof, among the rafters or in the thick foliage of the trees that surrounded this isolated little farm.  At first it had confused him, why someone would choose to build so far out from the town, especially when it became apparent that the female who tended to the livestock was in fact the only person resident here.  Of course she had hired hands, but they only worked as and when she needed them and were invariably gone by suppertime.\par
\tab After the first few days, it became obvious why.  When alone, far from the town, far from prying eyes and ears, the woman would come to the barn, to the animals there, and she would take her pleasure with them.  At first he had been astonished by the sight, but as he watched her down on her knees, servicing the eager, virile stallions with her soft lips and hands, or down on her knees as the equally vigorous ponies pounded into her, he became fascinated with her.  Night after night she would come to the animals and enjoy them, the sounds and smells of human and animal lust strong enough that his head near swam with them, the urge to swoop down and join in their fun almost more than he could take.\par
\tab More than once he had flown from the barn to seek out a female, willing or not, to slake his lusts within.  Willing was preferable, naturally, and it was always good to know he had a brace of hens eager to welcome him inside, but unwilling? Well, then he was guaranteed a good meal as well as a good lay.  No point in letting them free to fight back against him, or rouse others to hunt him down.  No.  They struggled and they screamed, but in the end he was inside them, and then they were inside him...  Inside his belly.  Their screams were muffled and short lived.\par
\tab But this female, this woman, this HUMAN intrigued him more than any soft feathered, taut-assed hen could.  He would have her under him, he would feel that soft-skinned body wrapped about him, and then he would devour that defenceless body whole.  He would not take the risk of her sending hunters to slay him.  His wing still ached in the cold from where the crossbow bolt had pierced it.  He had been younger then, more reckless, and had been so confident in his own strength that he had left his victims alive, alive and able to talk, able to send hunters to slay him.  It was not a mistake he would make again.\par
\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\qc *****\par
\par
\pard\nowidctlpar She wasn\rquote t aware of him at first.  The barn was strangely quiet when she entered it, the animals nervous and jittery at her soft footfalls.  The stallions were crowded back in their stalls, hidden in the shadows where she had to strain to see them.  She could see their nostrils flaring in agitation, eyes rolling...  Stall after stall told a similar story until she came to the last, vacant, one and discovered that she had a new tenant.\par
\tab It was easily as large as the biggest of her stallions, dusky brown plumage almost seeming to glow where the light reflected from his feathers, a long patch of white running down over his throat and chest, disappearing between his powerful forequarters.  Two massive wings, folded neatly at his sides as he lay there in the hay, his leonine hindquarters spread akimbo as he quite shamelessly displayed his endowments for her to savour.  \par
\tab His sheath was coated in a thin layer of fur, as were the two heavy balls that hung in the sac behind, the smell of his musk was a sharp tang in the air, and as she watched that sheath, she could see the flesh within slowly stirring, a tapered pink tip peeking out from the opening, glistening with his lubricant as the torch flickered in the breeze.  She barely dared to breathe as she stared at this huge predator that had slipped into her barn, his green eyes fixed on her in turn, pinning her in place as a hawk might a mouse.\par
\tab His shaft continued to grow, that length of cock now easily the size of her arm and still rising, the tapered head ringed with tiny, fleshy barbs, the length of his member subtly ridged down the shaft.  A bead of silvery liquid welled from the tip, hanging for a moment before it dripped down onto his belly fur.  He didn\rquote t move, didn\rquote t speak, just held her in that gaze.\par
\tab For her part, the clothes she wore suddenly seemed painfully restrictive, the smell of the male filling every breath she took, fear and desire mingling into one hot, shivery ball that filled her belly and groin, leaving her caught, unsure of what she should do.  One part of her screamed for her to flee, to grab the pitchfork by the door and drive it out, another part of her, the same part that brought her here every night, urged her on.  He was here, he knew she was standing there and a display like that could only mean one thing.  He wanted her.\par
\tab She was scarcely aware of unlatching the stall to let herself in, hardly even noticing her clothes landing in a heap on the floor, her breasts bouncing free as she undid the clasps of her bra with fingers made clumsy with growing lust, her dark tresses pulled from their tail to spill freely down her back.  She could feel the need growing between her thighs, the flesh there growing plump and moist with arousal, her scent mingling with that of this new, bestial lover.\par
\tab She fell to her knees on the hay beside him and reached out with trembling fingers to reverently caress the length of his rigid cock, a little shiver running the length of her spine as she felt the slick length flex under her touch, so soft, so alive.  Any last doubts that she could be dreaming were banished in an instant, nothing in a dream could feel like this.  Her head lifted, glancing nervously up towards that large head and the huge, predatory beak there.  The gryphon was simply watching her, waiting to see what she would do now that they were there, now that they were both ready, both willing.  The next move, it seemed, was hers to make.\par
\tab Her nervous fingertips slowly moved down over the ridged length of his penis, following the strange contours of his flesh all the way to his furred sheath, the rubbery flesh pulled back over his length.  She gripped it lightly and was rewarded with a hint of a shiver, a rustle of feathers and a deeper intake of breath from the majestic beast.  Emboldened she moved closer and nudged her knees up against his haunches as both hands were bent to the task.  She began with his heavy sac, rolling the flesh against her palms, caressing the tender orbs that lay within.  Her reward this time was a low, rumbling purr that grew steadily louder as she continued, his shaft throbbing each time her hands completed a circuit of his nethers, more of that slick, silvery liquid welling from the tip to dribble onto the hay.\par
\tab Neither spoke a word as she shuffled back from his groin, the hay rustling under her, rump swaying as she moved to kneel down lengthwise with him, finally laying out on her side.  Her breasts she deliberately rubbed up against his soft-furred underside as she pressed the first, soft kiss to his tip, the feel of his feathers on her thighs a new and wonderful torture on her already over-sensitised skin.  The shudder this action drew from him was more pronounced this time, her soft mouth an entirely new and unique sensation for him, accustomed as he was to the eager tongues and hard, unyielding beaks of the hens.  This soft, wet opening was almost like another sex, filled with a tongue that lashed and licked in such delightful ways!  For a moment, he almost regretted what he would have to do at the end of this mating.  This one would make a wonderful plaything until he tired of her.\par
\tab She was growing more urgent in her kisses, the human trailing her tongue under the ridge of his cockhead, licking lightly at those highly sensitive barbs that ringed his tip, each fleeting touch bringing a new shudder and an increasingly lustful growl from the gryphon.  Suddenly she felt her thighs thrust apart, the coolness of the beak a shock along the inner surfaces.  Before she could shout out, before she could clench them shut, his long, narrow  tongue snaked out and flicked over the length of her cunny, parting the outer lips and dipping between to tease at the wetness there before dragging up and over her lightly-furred mound.  Any thought of trying to close her legs vanished in an instant and she instead clenched them greedily about his head, moaning loudly against his groin as he began to lap and tease over her puffy flesh, that tongue alternately probing within and tickling without of her opening.  \par
\tab Her hands moved to grasp onto his shaft, working up and down it with quick, almost jerky strokes, the woman pressing her mouth down onto his tip and working hungrily at it, urgently, suckling on what little she could fit into her mouth.  He rocked his furred haunches a little, ever so carefully thrusting against her in turn, salty precum streaming freely over her tongue as she lapped at him, far too large for her to hope to swallow, but she was well skilled in pleasing the stallions and applied the same techniques to this new, unusual cock that was presented to her.\par
\tab Gods, he mused to himself as he buried his head down between those furless thighs, his tongue lapping and pushing, snaking deep within her to seek out the richest juices, this one was more eager than many a hen he\rquote d had under him, this soft-skinned body so different, so alluring.  After he\rquote d had his way with this one, he had plenty of time to sate himself with the other animals here before he needed to feed or fuck again.  Perhaps next time he\rquote d catch himself one of their young, one of the smaller humans, raise it up to service him.  Now there was an intriguing idea and one that\'85 Oooohhh!   \par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi720 He\rquote d barely noticed it, so lost had he been in eating her out, his senses swimming with the tastes and smells to be found in her finely-furred cleft, but she had slid one hand into the depths of his sheath, fingertips caressing at the very root of his cock, a place few were ever able to touch.  He could feel those ridges on his member beginning to swell, his barbs growing stiffer in preparation for locking himself inside a female on the wing, to fill her with his seed and ensure she was tied to him while conception took place.  It was nearly time to finish this wonderful little encounter.  Come the end, one of his hungers would be sated by that soft mouth, but the other? Well, that would require something more.\par
His partner, blissfully unaware of the thoughts tumbling through the gryphon\rquote s head, was focused on two things.  The first was the orgasm that was rapidly building in her belly, the warm tingles that preceded that burst of pleasure already surging through her as that tongue slurped wetly in and out of her cunny before his beak nibbled deftly at her hooded nub, the gryphon demonstrating just how nimble such an ungainly appendage could be.  His claws were gripping her rump by now, the sharp tips raking gently down over her bare flesh, a little sting of pierced flesh lost in the sensations that washed over her.  She worked her mouth more urgently against the animal cock that filled her field of view, feeling the subtle changes in his flesh that announced his impending release.  His haunches worked more urgently against her now, the thrusts growing more eager and less controlled, his balls swaying back and forth, tail slapping hard against the floor\'85\par
This was it, this was the moment.  He barely had thought enough left to pull his beak and claws back from her nethers as a high pitched screech burst free of his throat!  He threw his head back, his claws curling, raking through the hay as bursts of hot, sticky gryphonspunk splattered over his human lover, coating her upper body in thick, sticky ropes of his semen.  Oh, this was an experience that would keep him warm on many a cold, lonely night, that was certain.\par
She shivered against him, her own orgasm surging through her just as his beak had pulled back, her legs clenched tightly together, squeezing frantically as her sex fluttered around nothing, inner muscles flexing with each new wave of pleasure.  She turned her head to the side, coughing as some of the seed flooded her mouth, feeling every droplet of it as it landed on her naked body, the gryphon as copious in his release as any stallion, it seemed.  Finally she lay there quiet beside him, panting quickly and softly, almost dozing in the wake of her orgasm.\par
This was his best chance to strike.\par
He began gently at first, his tongue sliding lightly over and around her feet, her ankles, cleaning the sweat from her skin, savouring her, enjoying the moment before those delicate limbs would be sliding down his throat.  She squirmed a little at first as he tickled and he gave a reassuring croon that seemed to satisfy her.  Her eyes were still closed, her head pillowed on her semen-slicked arms.  He edged forward and then carefully closed his beak around her calves, her feet resting on his tongue as he continued his slow licking.  She didn\rquote t move.\par
She was hardly aware at first, drifting on a pleasant haze, her body filled with a wonderful lethargy, the smell and taste of her new lover still strong in her senses.  She could feel him licking over her legs and assumed he was simply grooming her, cleaning her up after the mating.  She\rquote d never been near a gryphon before, so she guessed this was their way.  The licking moved higher now, and there was an odd warmth around her feet that was moving up her lower legs, something that she couldn\rquote t identify.  She began to lift her head, eyes opening as she looked back over her shoulder to see what her new partner was doing\'85 And opened her mouth to scream as she found herself knee-deep in his throat.\par
The feathers of his neck were distorted by the shape of her legs beneath, her first frantic kick doing little but bulging the hot, slick passage that she was now all-too aware of as it surrounded her.  The gryphon\rquote s eyes narrowed as she began to struggle and he moved quickly to secure his prey.  A simple roll from his side to his belly had her face down on the hay, her legs angled back and upward as he rose, his talons grasping onto her thighs for leverage.  He swallowed hard, openly, a loud, wet GULP accompanying the contraction of those soft inner membranes about her legs, swallowing muscles seizing eagerly onto this succulent meal and dragging her in deeper, knees now wrapped in that soft embrace.\par
She dug her fingers through the hay as she cast desperately about for a weapon, for something to stop her descent into that gullet, but there was nothing within reach.  She screamed for help once again, but only the shrill, agitated whinny of one of the stallions answered her.   She couldn\rquote t believe this was happening to her, that she was about to be eaten alive!  Another gulp, another lurch and more of her body disappeared into the predator\rquote s throat, her wide hips giving him momentary pause as he worked up to taking them in as well.  She could feel his beak digging lightly into her rump and belly as he tried to figure out the best way to get the widest part of her body down his gullet, the swallowing muscles flexing around her as he tried to gulp and failed.  \par
Heartened by this brief pause she redoubled her efforts, finally finding some purchase in the floor she dug in with her fingernails and pulled with all her might, staining against the sticky embrace of the gryphon\rquote s throat, her every breath a frantic sob as she fought for her life.   If she could just reach the door, if she could get to the pitchfork she knew was propped just outside, she might stand a chance.  But the seed that coated her skin was sliding downwards, seeping over her fingers and making them slick.  Her grip faltered and she cried out as the gryphon hastily jerked his head back and then upright, the rafters swinging teasingly above her, just out of reach of her desperate flailing.\par
She looked down, whimpering as she could see her lower body outlined beneath that plumage, her skin coated in a sheen of sweat, saliva and semen.  Gravity was against her now, and she could feel herself sinking downwards no matter how hard she wrenched her body from side to side.  In fact, she realised with a sickening lurch in her belly, her wriggling was only helping the gryphon work her hips into his throat.  This realisation came a second too late  as her legs slithered down into his throat and the predator gave an almost relieved groan.  His tongue probed at her nethers as her moist cleft was the next to be swallowed, the gryphon lingering there a moment before it joined the rest of her body in his gullet. She jerked in his beak at this new intrusion into her body, trying to squeeze her thighs together before she realised that would only make her an easier meal. She gave him an angry glare as she figured out that was no doubt exactly what he was intending and nearly tried hitting him. Her hand lifted, balled into a fist, but a subtle clench of that hard, sharp-edged beak about her midriff soon banished that thought from her mind. This experience could be far more painful for her.  It was little comfort.\par
Rather than take the risk of striking him, she managed to wedge her hands down onto his beak and began to push upwards, straining against him, trying to somehow pull herself back out from inside him, to escape the ravenous belly that gurgled loudly in anticipation of its meal.  That seemed to balk him at first, the gryphon giving an angry growl as his urgent gulps about her seemed to come to nothing.  She could feel the wet flesh squeezing her, pulling at her, trying to draw her down, but for now she could resist them\'85  But she could also feel her arms already starting to tremble, muscles weakened after the mating protesting now, starting to feel rubbery and shaky.  A hasty glance down showed the gryphon looking increasingly smug as his prey wore herself out.  He could wait.  She couldn\rquote t keep this up forever and then she\rquote d be his, a sweet, succulent morsel sliding down his throat and a wonderful meal to fill his gut.\par
Her hand, wet with sweat and drool, slipped and pitched her to the side.  Before she could recover the gryphon had gulped hard around her once again and dragged down rump, waist and most of her upper body in one slick swallow. His beak was now climbing up between her shoulders and over her breasts, her arms increasingly being forced up and over her head.  She could feel the gryphon\rquote s saliva coating her already slick body, getting her prepared for the trip down its throat.  It tingled a little where it touched her more intimate parts, the pre-digestive enzymes already going to work on her flesh to tenderise her and ready her for digestion.  \par
Another swallow and her breasts were pinned down against a slimy, slippery tongue that writhed between and over them, arms and head dangling uselessly from that beak, her tears trickling down her cheeks and adding, for the gryphon, a pleasantly salty tang to this meal.  He was dimly aware of a muskier taste in the back of his throat as she pissed herself in fear.  She had surrendered to it, just like all the others.  He took the last gulps more slowly now that he didn\rquote t have to worry about any more abortive escape attempts or frantic struggling.  Each swallow was slowly savoured, the gryphon focusing on consciously clenching and relaxing those powerful swallowing muscles so he could fully enjoy feeling every last inch of the woman\rquote s succulent body being pulled down into his own.  \par
Her breasts were forced down into his throat, the mounds squeezed and compressed by his swallowing muscles, tongue now sliding up and around her face, lapping at her cheeks and forehead to clean the tears and sweat away, her long dark hair stuck to her skin by his drool and quickly pushed aside by his tongue.  She tilted her head back as best she could and pressed her head back against the soft palate to try and force that beak a little wider, to stave off the end for just a few moments more.  Her last view of the world was of the roof of the barn, moonlight filtering in through the high windows, her world framed with the slippery pink flesh of the gryphon's mouth.  And then the world was gone as the soft tissues of his gullet closed around her, the sticky flesh clinging to her face as she was swallowed alive.\par
She clawed at the air as she vanished inside, her fingers grasping fitfully at the edges of his beak before the heat and lack of air inside his throat drained what little strength remained.  He could feel her squirming all the way down, her struggles growing more fitful with each passing moment.  Unlike some of his kin who, he knew, had a habit of gulping down air to keep their prey alive while they were digested, he had no such sadistic needs.  He knew that the compression of his throat, the heat and the stale air inside him would soon render his meals unconscious and then dead before the harsh acids of his belly went to work on them.  It was a small mercy, perhaps, and he was depriving himself of the unique joy to be found in listening to them beg for life within him, but he didn't consider it much of a loss.\par
His belly gurgled loudly as his meal slipped all the way down inside him and he gave a loud belch to expel what little air he had swallowed down with her, the crinkled inner walls of his stomach already contracting around the comatose woman, the acids seeping out to render her down into nothing more than meat inside him.  He glanced about before slowly flopping down onto his side in the hay once again.  He\rquote d be safe here till morning, then he would need to decide what to do next.  His original plan to stay and enjoy the animals was, he realised, little more than wishful thinking.  The hired hands would be back, naturally, and would soon find that their employer had gone during the night, leaving no trace.  There were no clothes missing, nothing broken, no blood to indicate a struggle.  There would be his seed on the hay, yes, but he was sure that they knew about her midnight dalliances with the livestock so it was unlikely they would think anything of it.\par
He could kill them, of course, perhaps capture some of them as prey, but the thought of swallowing those sweaty, gristly, foul human males did little for him.  No, he would let them live.  Should they find it empty they would surely notify the human authorities.  Perhaps others would come to live here, perhaps another woman like this, or maybe a family with a child that he could take and mould for his own.\par
Such pleasant thoughts followed the gryphon down into slumber, his head tucked beneath his wing and the soft gurgles of his belly filling his ears.  For the woman, this had been a once in a lifetime experience, but it was definitely one that he would repeat again, and again, and again.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\par
Word Count - \b 4,098 Words\b0\par
Final Draft \endash  \b 23\super rd\nosupersub  May 2005\b0\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi720\par
}
  Œe}\\'%\cf'b\