{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\dntblnsbdb\viewkind1
{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times;}{\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times;}{\f3\froman\fcharset0 Times;}{\f4\froman\fcharset0 Times;}{\f5\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}{\f6\froman\fcharset0 Times;}}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid18467\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\leveltext\leveltemplateid6334\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\chbrdr\brdrnone\brdrcf1\chshdng0\chcfpat1\chcbpat1 \fi-360\li720\jclisttab\tx720}
{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\leveltext\leveltemplateid26500\'033.\'01;}{\levelnumbers\'03;}\chbrdr\brdrnone\brdrcf1\chshdng0\chcfpat1\chcbpat1 \fi-360\li1440\jclisttab\tx1440}
{\listname ;}\listid41}
{\list\listtemplateid15724\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\leveltext\leveltemplateid11478\'01\'00;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\chbrdr\brdrnone\brdrcf1\chshdng0\chcfpat1\chcbpat1 \fi-360\li720\jclisttab\tx720}
{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat3\levelspace360\levelindent0{\leveltext\leveltemplateid29358\'033.\'01;}{\levelnumbers\'03;}\chbrdr\brdrnone\brdrcf1\chshdng0\chcfpat1\chcbpat1 \fi-360\li1440\jclisttab\tx1440}
{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn3\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\leveltext\leveltemplateid26962\'03(\'02);}{\levelnumbers\'02;}\chbrdr\brdrnone\brdrcf1\chshdng0\chcfpat1\chcbpat1 \fi-360\li2160\jclisttab\tx2160}
{\listname ;}\listid19169}
{\list\listtemplateid5705\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat4\levelspace360\levelindent0{\leveltext\leveltemplateid28145\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\chbrdr\brdrnone\brdrcf1\chshdng0\chcfpat1\chcbpat1 \fi-360\li720\jclisttab\tx720}
{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\leveltext\leveltemplateid23281\'01\'01;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\chbrdr\brdrnone\brdrcf1\chshdng0\chcfpat1\chcbpat1 \fi-360\li1440\jclisttab\tx1440}
{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn3\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\leveltext\leveltemplateid16827\'01\'02;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\chbrdr\brdrnone\brdrcf1\chshdng0\chcfpat1\chcbpat1 \fi-360\li2160\jclisttab\tx2160}
{\listname ;}\listid24464}
{\list\listtemplateid491\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn4\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\leveltext\leveltemplateid2995\'03(\'00);}{\levelnumbers\'02;}\chbrdr\brdrnone\brdrcf1\chshdng0\chcfpat1\chcbpat1 \fi-360\li720\jclisttab\tx720}
{\listname ;}\listid9961}
}{\*\listoverridetable
{\listoverride\listid41\listoverridecount0\ls1}
{\listoverride\listid19169\listoverridecount0\ls2}
{\listoverride\listid24464\listoverridecount0\ls3}
{\listoverride\listid9961\listoverridecount0\ls4}
}{\stylesheet{\*\cs0 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}
}
\jexpand\pgwsxn11900\pghsxn16840
{\*\bkmkstart page1}{\*\bkmkend page1}
\margl1760\margr1740\margt1440\margb1139\marglsxn1760\margrsxn1740\cols1\colno1\colw8400
{\pard\sl-200\slmult0\par
\pard\sl-200\slmult0\par
\pard\sl-275\slmult0\par

{\pard\plain \li1760\ql{\f3\b\fs23 THIRD PARTY CONNECTION AGREEMENT}\par}
}
{\pard\sl-4\slmult0\par

{\pard\plain \li1340\ql{\f3\b\fs23 WITH THE UNIVERSITY OF CHICAGO HOSPITALS}\par}
}
{\pard\sl-266\slmult0\par

{\pard\plain \li0\sl243\slmult1 \ri0\nooverflow\qj\fi701 {\f3\b\fs23 THIS AGREEMENT {\b0 (the} \ldblquote Agreement\rdblquote  {\b0 ) is made this ____ day of ______,} \b0 20__ (the {\b \ldblquote Effective Date\rdblquote } ) by and between {\b The University of Chicago Hospitals}}\par}
}
{\pard\sl-2\slmult0\par

{\pard\plain \li0\sl246\slmult1 \ri0\nooverflow\qj{\f1\fs23 ("{\b UCH}") and _______________ ({\b \ldblquote Third Party\rdblquote } ). UCH and Third Party will each individually be referred to as a {\b \ldblquote Party,\rdblquote } and collectively as the {\b \ldblquote Parties.\rdblquote }}\par}
}
{\pard\sl-269\slmult0\par

{\pard\plain \li3600\ql{\f3\b\fs23 RECITALS}\par}
}
{\pard\sl-268\slmult0\par

{\pard\plain \li0\sl245\slmult1 \ri0\nooverflow\qj\fi701 {\f3\b\fs23 WHEREAS, {\b0 UCH and Third Party desire to establish a network connection, over} \b0 that will be transmitted confidential information, including Electronic Protected Health Information (defined below);}\par}
}
{\pard\sl-265\slmult0\par

{\pard\plain \li0\sl245\slmult1 \ri0\nooverflow\qj\fi701 {\f3\b\fs23 WHEREAS, {\b0 UCH has established policies and procedures for the transmission of} \b0 EPHI via network connections, which policies and procedures require particular actions on behalf of the recipient of the EPHI to ensure an appropriate transmission;}\par}
}
{\pard\sl-263\slmult0\par

{\pard\plain \li0\sl246\slmult1 \ri0\nooverflow\qj\fi701 {\f3\b\fs23 WHEREAS, {\b0 Third Party will take the actions set forth below to ensure this} \b0 appropriate transmission.}\par}
}
{\pard\sl-264\slmult0\par

{\pard\plain \li0\sl245\slmult1 \ri0\nooverflow\qj\fi701 {\f3\b\fs23 NOW, THEREFORE, {\b0 in consideration of the mutual promises and covenants set} \b0 forth in this Agreement, and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and adequacy of which are hereby acknowledged, the Parties agree as follows:}\par}
}
{\pard\sl-270\slmult0\par

{\pard\plain \li0\ql{\f3\b\fs23 Definitions:}\par}
}
{\pard\sl-276\slmult0\par

{\pard\plain \li0\sl242\slmult1 \ri100\nooverflow\ql{\f1\fs23 \ldblquote Business Purpose\rdblquote  means the reason UCH is providin g Third Party will access via the Network Connection, which reason is ________________________________________, and which reason is documented in the contract that is attached hereto as {\ul Exhibit 3}, if any.}\par}
}
{\pard\sl-275\slmult0\par

{\pard\plain \li0\sl243\slmult1 \ri220\nooverflow\ql{\f1\fs23 \ldblquote Confidential Information\rdblquote  means all information of one party concerning its practices, policies, procedures, technology and products and other similar information that is of a confidential nature, and for UCH includes information that UCH transmits on behalf of its affiliates, including The University of Chicago, except that Confidential Information does not include information that is available to the public. Confidential Information includes all summaries, abstracts, and copies of all documents that include or are based upon Confidential Information.}\par}
}
{\pard\sl-276\slmult0\par

{\pard\plain \li0\sl239\slmult1 \ri960\nooverflow\ql{\f1\fs23 \ldblquote Electronic Protected Health Information\rdblquote  or \ldblquote EPHI\rdblquote  is defined in the Business Associate Agreement attached hereto as {\ul Exhibit 1}.}\par}
}
{\pard\sl-280\slmult0\par

{\pard\plain \li0\sl239\slmult1 \ri420\nooverflow\ql\fi58 {\f1\fs23 \ldblquote Network Connection\rdblquote  a connection between UCH and Third Party that will provide Third Party with access to the following UCH equipment and/or software:}\par}
}
{\pard\sl-6\slmult0\par

{\pard\plain \li0\ql{\f1\fs23 ______________ [{\i insert all equipment and/or software that will be connected]} .  The}\par}
}
{\pard\sl-278\slmult0\par

{\pard\plain \li4140\ql{\f1\fs23 1}\par}
}\sect\sbknone
\marglsxn1760\margrsxn2580\cols1\colno1\colw7560
{\pard\sl-243\slmult0\par

{\pard\plain \li0\ql{\f2\fs15 \\\\files\\hipaa\\VPN Approval Process\\VPN Materials - FINAL Versions\\Third Party Connection Agreement 20081113.doc}\par}
}\sect\sbkpage\sectd\pard\plain
\pgwsxn11900\pghsxn16840
{\*\bkmkstart page2}{\*\bkmkend page2}
\margl1752\margr1740\margt1440\margb1139\marglsxn1752\margrsxn1740\cols1\colno1\colw8408
{\pard\sl-200\slmult0\par
\pard\sl-200\slmult0\par
\pard\sl-278\slmult0\par

{\pard\plain \li8\sl239\slmult1 \ri460\nooverflow\ql{\f1\fs23 Network Connection will be one of the University of Chicago Hospitals connectivity options listed in Section B of its Network Connection Policy.}\par}
}
{\pard\sl-277\slmult0\par

{\pard\plain \li8\sl239\slmult1 \ri60\nooverflow\ql{\f1\fs23 \ldblquote Protected Health Information\rdblquote  or \ldblquote PHI\rdblquote  is defined in the Business Associate Agreement attached hereto as {\ul Exhibit 1.}}\par}
}
{\pard\sl-280\slmult0\par

{\pard\plain \li8\sl241\slmult1 \ri60\nooverflow\ql{\f1\fs23 \ldblquote Transmitted Information\rdblquote  means the information, in cluding EPHI that is transmitted from UCH to Third Party through the Network Connection. All Transmitted Information is Confidential Information.}\par}
}
{\pard\sl-278\slmult0\par
{{\listtext{\pard\plain {\f1\fs23 1. }\tab}}\pard\plain 
\f1\fs23 \ql\fi-708\nowidctlpar\jclisttab\tx708\faauto\ls1\ilvl0\rin0\nooverflow\lin708\itap0 \sl243\slmult1 {\plain\f1\fs23 {\ul Right to Use Network Connection; Responsibility}. The Third Party represents and warrants that it will only use the Network Connection for Business Purpose, and for no other reason whatsoever. It will take action necessary to instruct its employees and authorized agents of the Business Purpose and of the restrictions in this Agreement. Third Party will be responsible for all acts and omissions of its employees and agents authorized to access Confidential Information, including the Transmitted Information, and use the Network Connection. }\par\pard\sl-273\slmult0\par
{\listtext{\pard\plain {\f1\fs23 2. }\tab}}\pard\plain 
\f1\fs23 \ql\fi-708\nowidctlpar\jclisttab\tx708\faauto\ls1\ilvl0\rin160\nooverflow\lin708\itap0 \sl243\slmult1 {\plain\f1\fs23 {\ul Ownership of Data.} Third Party acknowledges and agrees that UCH owns all right, title, and interest in and to all Confidential Information and EPHI, and that such right, title, and interest will be vested in UCH. Neither Third Party nor any or its employees, agents, consultants or assigns will have any rights in any of the Confidential Information or EPHI or to Use the PHI in any form including, but not limited to, stripped or aggregated information, or statistical information derived from or in connection with the PHI, except as expressly set forth above. Third Party represents, warrants, and covenants that it will not compile and/or distribute analyses to third parties using any PHI without UCH\rquote s express written consent. }\par\pard\sl-274\slmult0\par
{\listtext{\pard\plain {\f1\fs23 3. }\tab}}\pard\plain 
\f1\fs23 \qj\fi-708\nowidctlpar\jclisttab\tx708\faauto\ls1\ilvl0\rin0\nooverflow\lin708\itap0 {\plain\f1\fs23 {\ul Network Security}. }\par\pard\sl-242\slmult0\par
{\listtext{\pard\plain {\f1\fs23 3.1 }\tab}}\pard\plain 
\f1\fs23 \ql\fi-347\nowidctlpar\jclisttab\tx1048\faauto\ls1\ilvl1\rin80\nooverflow\lin1048\itap0 \sl243\slmult1 {\plain\f1\fs23 Third Party will allow only Third Party employees approved in advance by UCH (\ldblquote Authorized Company Employees\rdblquote ) to access the Transmitted Information, the Network Connection or any UCH equipment. Third Party shall ensure that Authorized Company Employees are not security risks, and upon UCH request, Company will provide UCH with any information reasonably necessary for UCH to evaluate security and privacy issues relating to any Authorized Company Employee. All access to the Network Connection, Transmitted Information, or any UCH equipment is in UCH\rquote s complete discretion and may be terminated at any time for any reason whatsoever. }\par\pard\sl-200\slmult0\par
\pard\sl-310\slmult0\par
{\listtext{\pard\plain {\f1\fs23 3.2 }\tab}}\pard\plain 
\f1\fs23 \ql\fi-347\nowidctlpar\jclisttab\tx1048\faauto\ls1\ilvl1\rin340\nooverflow\lin1048\itap0 {\plain\f1\fs23 Third Party will promptly notify UCH whenever any Authorized Company Employee leaves its employ or no longer requires access to the Network Connection, Transmitted Information, or UCH equipment. }\par}
}
{\pard\sl-200\slmult0\par
\pard\sl-200\slmult0\par
\pard\sl-220\slmult0\par

{\pard\plain \li4148\ql{\f1\fs23 2}\par}
}\sect\sbknone
\marglsxn1760\margrsxn2580\cols1\colno1\colw7560
{\pard\sl-243\slmult0\par

{\pard\plain \li0\ql{\f2\fs15 \\\\files\\hipaa\\VPN Approval Process\\VPN Materials - FINAL Versions\\Third Party Connection Agreement 20081113.doc}\par}
}\sect\sbkpage\sectd\pard\plain
\pgwsxn11900\pghsxn16840
{\*\bkmkstart page3}{\*\bkmkend page3}
\margl1752\margr1780\margt1440\margb1139\marglsxn1752\margrsxn1780\cols1\colno1\colw8368
{\pard\sl-200\slmult0\par
\pard\sl-200\slmult0\par
\pard\sl-278\slmult0\par
{{\listtext{\pard\plain {\f1\fs23 3.3 }\tab}}\pard\plain 
\f1\fs23 \qj\fi-347\nowidctlpar\jclisttab\tx1048\faauto\ls2\ilvl1\rin200\nooverflow\lin1048\itap0 \sl239\slmult1 {\plain\f1\fs23 Third Party will be solely responsible for the selection, implementation, and maintenance of security procedures and policies: }\par\pard\sl-3\slmult0\par
{\listtext{\pard\plain {\f1\fs23 (A) }\tab}}\pard\plain 
\f1\fs23 \qj\fi-446\nowidctlpar\jclisttab\tx1848\faauto\ls2\ilvl2\rin0\nooverflow\lin1848\itap0 \sl239\slmult1 {\plain\f1\fs23 for the protection of its internal network and information, and }\par\pard\sl-10\slmult0\par
{\listtext{\pard\plain {\f1\fs23 (B) }\tab}}\pard\plain 
\f1\fs23 \ql\fi-6\nowidctlpar\jclisttab\tx1835\faauto\ls2\ilvl2\rin60\nooverflow\lin1408\itap0 \sl242\slmult1 {\plain\f1\fs23 that are sufficient to ensure that (i) its use of the Network Connection UCH equipment is secure and is used only for authorized purposes, and (ii) its business records and data are protected against improper access, use, loss alteration or destruction. }\par\pard\sl-236\slmult0\par
{\listtext{\pard\plain {\f1\fs23 3.4 }\tab}}\pard\plain 
\f1\fs23 \qj\fi-347\nowidctlpar\jclisttab\tx1048\faauto\ls2\ilvl1\rin0\nooverflow\lin1048\itap0 \sl239\slmult1 {\plain\f1\fs23 Third Party will perform those responsibilities identified as such in {\ul Exhibit 2}. }\par\pard\sl-279\slmult0\par
{\listtext{\pard\plain {\f1\fs23 4. }\tab}}\pard\plain 
\f1\fs23 \ql\fi-708\nowidctlpar\jclisttab\tx708\faauto\ls3\ilvl0\rin0\nooverflow\lin708\itap0 \sl242\slmult1 {\plain\f1\fs23 {\ul Notifications}. Third Party shall promptly notify UCH in writing upon a change in the user base for the work performed over the Network Connection or whenever a change in the connection and/or functional requirements of the Network Connection is necessary. }\par\pard\sl-277\slmult0\par
{\listtext{\pard\plain {\f1\fs23 5. }\tab}}\pard\plain 
\f1\fs23 \ql\fi-708\nowidctlpar\jclisttab\tx708\faauto\ls3\ilvl0\rin800\nooverflow\lin708\itap0 \sl242\slmult1 {\plain\f1\fs23 {\ul Payment of Costs}. Each party will be responsible for all costs incurred by it to perform its obligations under this Third Party Connection Agreement, including, without limitation, costs for phone charges, telecommunications equipment and personnel for maintaining the Network Connection. }\par\pard\sl-279\slmult0\par
{\listtext{\pard\plain {\f1\fs23 6. }\tab}}\pard\plain 
\f1\fs23 \ql\fi-708\nowidctlpar\jclisttab\tx708\faauto\ls3\ilvl0\rin760\nooverflow\lin708\itap0 \sl243\slmult1 {\plain\f1\fs23 {\ul Confidentiality}. The parties acknowledge that by reason of their relationship to each other hereunder, each will have access to the other Party\rquote s Confidential Information.\rdblquote  Third Party wil l not make any copies of any Confidential Information except with the express written permission of UCH. Within thirty (30) days of UCH\rquote s request for the return of Confidential Information in its possession, or if directed by UCH in writing, destroy the Confidential Information and cause an officer of Third Party to certify to UCH in writing that all Confidential information has been destroyed. Third Party and its employees, agents, subcontractors and any other individuals permitted by Third Party to access any computer system, network, file, data or software owned, leased, or licensed by UCH will (i) use all reasonable security practices and take all reasonable security measures necessary to protect the security of all such computer systems, networks, files, data and software, and }\par\pard\sl-6\slmult0\par
{\listtext\tab}\pard\qj\nowidctlpar\jclisttab\faauto\rin0\nooverflow\lin708\itap0 {\plain\f1\fs23 (ii) abide by UCH\rquote s system security requirements and guidelines. }\par\pard\sl-278\slmult0\par
{\listtext{\pard\plain {\f1\fs23 7. }\tab}}\pard\plain 
\f1\fs23 \ql\fi-708\nowidctlpar\jclisttab\tx708\faauto\ls3\ilvl0\rin740\nooverflow\lin708\itap0 \sl241\slmult1 {\plain\f1\fs23 {\ul Term, Termination and Survival}. This Agreement will remain in effect until the later of (a) the termination of the Network Connection, the return of all Confidential Information and EPHI, or (b) the termination of the services. Sections 2, 6, 7, and 8, and {\ul Exhibit 1}. }\par\pard\sl-279\slmult0\par
{\listtext{\pard\plain {\f1\fs23 8. }\tab}}\pard\plain 
\f1\fs23 \ql\fi-708\nowidctlpar\jclisttab\tx708\faauto\ls3\ilvl0\rin840\nooverflow\lin708\itap0 \sl242\slmult1 {\plain\f1\fs23 {\ul Miscellaneous.} Unless otherwise stated in this Agreement, this Agreement may only be amended by the mutual written consent of Third Party and UCH. The invalidity or unenforceability of any term of this Agreement will not affect the validity or enforceability of any other term of this Agreement. The term "including" used in this Agreement will }\par}
}
{\pard\sl-46\slmult0\par

{\pard\plain \li4148\ql{\f1\fs23 3}\par}
}\sect\sbknone
\marglsxn1760\margrsxn2580\cols1\colno1\colw7560
{\pard\sl-243\slmult0\par

{\pard\plain \li0\ql{\f2\fs15 \\\\files\\hipaa\\VPN Approval Process\\VPN Materials - FINAL Versions\\Third Party Connection Agreement 20081113.doc}\par}
}\sect\sbkpage\sectd\pard\plain
\pgwsxn11900\pghsxn16840
{\*\bkmkstart page4}{\*\bkmkend page4}
\margl1760\margr1740\margt1440\margb1139\marglsxn1760\margrsxn1740\cols1\colno1\colw8400
{\pard\sl-200\slmult0\par
\pard\sl-200\slmult0\par
\pard\sl-278\slmult0\par

{\pard\plain \li700\sl243\slmult1 \ri780\nooverflow\ql{\f1\fs23 mean "including but not limited to." Third Party may not assign or transfer any of its rights and obligations under this Agreement without the prior written consent of UCH. No assignment will relieve Third Party of the performance of any accrued obligation that it have under this Agreement. No waiver of any term, provision, or condition of this Agreement whether by Third Party\rquote s or UCH\rquote s conduct or any other way in any one or more instances will be deemed to be or construed as a further or continuing waiver of such term, provision, or condition, or of any other term, provision, or condition of this Agreement. The law of Illinois will govern this Agreement, and Third Party will submit to the jurisdiction of the courts of Cook County, Illinois and governing bodies of Illinois.}\par}
}
{\pard\sl-200\slmult0\par
\pard\sl-338\slmult0\par

{\pard\plain \li0\sl245\slmult1 \ri0\nooverflow\qj\fi701 {\f3\b\fs23 IN WITNESS WHEREOF{\b0 , the signatory represents that he/she is a duly} \b0 authorized representative of Third Party and executes this Agreement on behalf of Third Party.}\par}
}
{\pard\sl-268\slmult0\par

{\trqc\trowd \trrh268\trleft0\clvertalb\clbrdrt\brdrnone \clbrdrl\brdrnone \clbrdrb\brdrnone \clbrdrr\brdrnone \cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth4240 \cellx4240
\clvertalb\clbrdrt\brdrnone \clbrdrl\brdrnone \clbrdrb\brdrnone \clbrdrr\brdrnone \cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth4160 \cellx8400
\pard\plain\intbl\ql{{\f3\b\fs23 The University of Chicago Hospitals}\cell}\pard\intbl\ql
\pard\plain\intbl\li660\ql{{\f3\b\fs23 [{\i insert name of Third Party]}}\cell}\pard\intbl\li660\ql
\trowd \trrh268\trleft0\clvertalb\clbrdrt\brdrnone \clbrdrl\brdrnone \clbrdrb\brdrnone \clbrdrr\brdrnone \cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth4240 \cellx4240
\clvertalb\clbrdrt\brdrnone \clbrdrl\brdrnone \clbrdrb\brdrnone \clbrdrr\brdrnone \cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth4160 \cellx8400
\row 

\trowd \trrh509\trleft0\clvertalb\clbrdrt\brdrnone \clbrdrl\brdrnone \clbrdrb\brdrnone \clbrdrr\brdrnone \cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth4240 \cellx4240
\clvertalb\clbrdrt\brdrnone \clbrdrl\brdrnone \clbrdrb\brdrnone \clbrdrr\brdrnone \cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth4160 \cellx8400
\pard\plain\intbl\ql{{\f1\fs23 By:}\cell}\pard\intbl\ql
\pard\plain\intbl\li660\ql{{\f1\fs23 By:}\cell}\pard\intbl\li660\ql
\trowd \trrh509\trleft0\clvertalb\clbrdrt\brdrnone \clbrdrl\brdrnone \clbrdrb\brdrnone \clbrdrr\brdrnone \cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth4240 \cellx4240
\clvertalb\clbrdrt\brdrnone \clbrdrl\brdrnone \clbrdrb\brdrnone \clbrdrr\brdrnone \cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth4160 \cellx8400
\row 

\trowd \trrh20\trleft0\clvertalb\clbrdrt\brdrnone \clbrdrl\brdrnone \clbrdrb\brdrnone \clbrdrr\brdrnone \cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth320 \cellx320
\clvertalb\clbrdrt\brdrnone \clbrdrl\brdrnone \clbrdrb\brdrnone \clbrdrr\brdrnone \cltxlrtb\clcbpat4\clcbpatraw4\clftsWidth3\clwWidth180 \cellx500
\clvertalb\clbrdrt\brdrnone \clbrdrl\brdrnone \clbrdrb\brdrnone \clbrdrr\brdrnone \cltxlrtb\clcbpat4\clcbpatraw4\clftsWidth3\clwWidth120 \cellx620
\clvertalb\clbrdrt\brdrnone \clbrdrl\brdrnone \clbrdrb\brdrnone \clbrdrr\brdrnone \cltxlrtb\clcbpat4\clcbpatraw4\clftsWidth3\clwWidth2880 \cellx3500
\clvertalb\clbrdrt\brdrnone \clbrdrl\brdrnone \clbrdrb\brdrnone \clbrdrr\brdrnone \cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth740 \cellx4240
\clvertalb\clbrdrt\brdrnone \clbrdrl\brdrnone \clbrdrb\brdrnone \clbrdrr\brdrnone \cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth1000 \cellx5240
\clvertalb\clbrdrt\brdrnone \clbrdrl\brdrnone \clbrdrb\brdrnone \clbrdrr\brdrnone \cltxlrtb\clcbpat4\clcbpatraw4\clftsWidth3\clwWidth160 \cellx5400
\clvertalb\clbrdrt\brdrnone \clbrdrl\brdrnone \clbrdrb\brdrnone \clbrdrr\brdrnone \cltxlrtb\clcbpat4\clcbpatraw4\clftsWidth3\clwWidth120 \cellx5520
\clvertalb\clbrdrt\brdrnone \clbrdrl\brdrnone \clbrdrb\brdrnone \clbrdrr\brdrnone \cltxlrtb\clcbpat4\clcbpatraw4\clftsWidth3\clwWidth2880 \cellx8400
\pard\plain\intbl{\sl-20\slmult0 \fs1\cell}\pard\intbl
\pard\plain\intbl{\sl-20\slmult0 \fs1\cell}\pard\intbl
\pard\plain\intbl{\sl-20\slmult0 \fs1\cell}\pard\intbl
\pard\plain\intbl{\sl-20\slmult0 \fs1\cell}\pard\intbl
\pard\plain\intbl{\sl-20\slmult0 \fs1\cell}\pard\intbl
\pard\plain\intbl{\sl-20\slmult0 \fs1\cell}\pard\intbl
\pard\plain\intbl{\sl-20\slmult0 \fs1\cell}\pard\intbl
\pard\plain\intbl{\sl-20\slmult0 \fs1\cell}\pard\intbl
\pard\plain\intbl{\sl-20\slmult0 \fs1\cell}\pard\intbl
\trowd \trrh20\trleft0\clvertalb\clbrdrt\brdrnone \clbrdrl\brdrnone \clbrdrb\brdrnone \clbrdrr\brdrnone \cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth320 \cellx320
\clvertalb\clbrdrt\brdrnone \clbrdrl\brdrnone \clbrdrb\brdrnone \clbrdrr\brdrnone \cltxlrtb\clcbpat4\clcbpatraw4\clftsWidth3\clwWidth180 \cellx500
\clvertalb\clbrdrt\brdrnone \clbrdrl\brdrnone \clbrdrb\brdrnone \clbrdrr\brdrnone \cltxlrtb\clcbpat4\clcbpatraw4\clftsWidth3\clwWidth120 \cellx620
\clvertalb\clbrdrt\brdrnone \clbrdrl\brdrnone \clbrdrb\brdrnone \clbrdrr\brdrnone \cltxlrtb\clcbpat4\clcbpatraw4\clftsWidth3\clwWidth2880 \cellx3500
\clvertalb\clbrdrt\brdrnone \clbrdrl\brdrnone \clbrdrb\brdrnone \clbrdrr\brdrnone \cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth740 \cellx4240
\clvertalb\clbrdrt\brdrnone \clbrdrl\brdrnone \clbrdrb\brdrnone \clbrdrr\brdrnone \cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth1000 \cellx5240
\clvertalb\clbrdrt\brdrnone \clbrdrl\brdrnone \clbrdrb\brdrnone \clbrdrr\brdrnone \cltxlrtb\clcbpat4\clcbpatraw4\clftsWidth3\clwWidth160 \cellx5400
\clvertalb\clbrdrt\brdrnone \clbrdrl\brdrnone \clbrdrb\brdrnone \clbrdrr\brdrnone \cltxlrtb\clcbpat4\clcbpatraw4\clftsWidth3\clwWidth120 \cellx5520
\clvertalb\clbrdrt\brdrnone \clbrdrl\brdrnone \clbrdrb\brdrnone \clbrdrr\brdrnone \cltxlrtb\clcbpat4\clcbpatraw4\clftsWidth3\clwWidth2880 \cellx8400
\row 

\trowd \trrh518\trleft0\clvertalb\clbrdrt\brdrnone \clbrdrl\brdrnone \clbrdrb\brdrnone \clbrdrr\brdrnone \cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth620 \cellx620
\clvertalb\clbrdrt\brdrnone \clbrdrl\brdrnone \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20 \clbrdrr\brdrnone \cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth2880 \cellx3500
\clvertalb\clbrdrt\brdrnone \clbrdrl\brdrnone \clbrdrb\brdrnone \clbrdrr\brdrnone \cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth740 \cellx4240
\clvertalb\clbrdrt\brdrnone \clbrdrl\brdrnone \clbrdrb\brdrnone \clbrdrr\brdrnone \cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth1280 \cellx5520
\clvertalb\clbrdrt\brdrnone \clbrdrl\brdrnone \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20 \clbrdrr\brdrnone \cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth2880 \cellx8400
\pard\plain\intbl\ql{{\charscalex97 \f1\fs23 Name:}\cell}\pard\intbl\ql
\pard\plain\intbl{\fs24\cell}\pard\intbl
\pard\plain\intbl{\fs24\cell}\pard\intbl
\pard\plain\intbl\li660\ql{{\charscalex97 \f1\fs23 Name:}\cell}\pard\intbl\li660\ql
\pard\plain\intbl{\fs24\cell}\pard\intbl
\trowd \trrh518\trleft0\clvertalb\clbrdrt\brdrnone \clbrdrl\brdrnone \clbrdrb\brdrnone \clbrdrr\brdrnone \cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth620 \cellx620
\clvertalb\clbrdrt\brdrnone \clbrdrl\brdrnone \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20 \clbrdrr\brdrnone \cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth2880 \cellx3500
\clvertalb\clbrdrt\brdrnone \clbrdrl\brdrnone \clbrdrb\brdrnone \clbrdrr\brdrnone \cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth740 \cellx4240
\clvertalb\clbrdrt\brdrnone \clbrdrl\brdrnone \clbrdrb\brdrnone \clbrdrr\brdrnone \cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth1280 \cellx5520
\clvertalb\clbrdrt\brdrnone \clbrdrl\brdrnone \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20 \clbrdrr\brdrnone \cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth2880 \cellx8400
\row 

\trowd \trrh518\trleft0\clvertalb\clbrdrt\brdrnone \clbrdrl\brdrnone \clbrdrb\brdrnone \clbrdrr\brdrnone \cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth500 \cellx500
\clvertalb\clbrdrt\brdrnone \clbrdrl\brdrnone \clbrdrb\brdrnone \clbrdrr\brdrnone \cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth3000 \cellx3500
\clvertalb\clbrdrt\brdrnone \clbrdrl\brdrnone \clbrdrb\brdrnone \clbrdrr\brdrnone \cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth740 \cellx4240
\clvertalb\clbrdrt\brdrnone \clbrdrl\brdrnone \clbrdrb\brdrnone \clbrdrr\brdrnone \cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth4160 \cellx8400
\pard\plain\intbl\ql{{\charscalex96 \f1\fs23 Title:}\cell}\pard\intbl\ql
\pard\plain\intbl{\fs24\cell}\pard\intbl
\pard\plain\intbl{\fs24\cell}\pard\intbl
\pard\plain\intbl\li660\ql{{\f1\fs23 Title:}\cell}\pard\intbl\li660\ql
\trowd \trrh518\trleft0\clvertalb\clbrdrt\brdrnone \clbrdrl\brdrnone \clbrdrb\brdrnone \clbrdrr\brdrnone \cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth500 \cellx500
\clvertalb\clbrdrt\brdrnone \clbrdrl\brdrnone \clbrdrb\brdrnone \clbrdrr\brdrnone \cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth3000 \cellx3500
\clvertalb\clbrdrt\brdrnone \clbrdrl\brdrnone \clbrdrb\brdrnone \clbrdrr\brdrnone \cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth740 \cellx4240
\clvertalb\clbrdrt\brdrnone \clbrdrl\brdrnone \clbrdrb\brdrnone \clbrdrr\brdrnone \cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth4160 \cellx8400
\row 

\trowd \trrh20\trleft0\clvertalb\clbrdrt\brdrnone \clbrdrl\brdrnone \clbrdrb\brdrnone \clbrdrr\brdrnone \cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth500 \cellx500
\clvertalb\clbrdrt\brdrnone \clbrdrl\brdrnone \clbrdrb\brdrnone \clbrdrr\brdrnone \cltxlrtb\clcbpat4\clcbpatraw4\clftsWidth3\clwWidth3000 \cellx3500
\clvertalb\clbrdrt\brdrnone \clbrdrl\brdrnone \clbrdrb\brdrnone \clbrdrr\brdrnone \cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth740 \cellx4240
\clvertalb\clbrdrt\brdrnone \clbrdrl\brdrnone \clbrdrb\brdrnone \clbrdrr\brdrnone \cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth1160 \cellx5400
\clvertalb\clbrdrt\brdrnone \clbrdrl\brdrnone \clbrdrb\brdrnone \clbrdrr\brdrnone \cltxlrtb\clcbpat4\clcbpatraw4\clftsWidth3\clwWidth3000 \cellx8400
\pard\plain\intbl{\sl-20\slmult0 \fs1\cell}\pard\intbl
\pard\plain\intbl{\sl-20\slmult0 \fs1\cell}\pard\intbl
\pard\plain\intbl{\sl-20\slmult0 \fs1\cell}\pard\intbl
\pard\plain\intbl{\sl-20\slmult0 \fs1\cell}\pard\intbl
\pard\plain\intbl{\sl-20\slmult0 \fs1\cell}\pard\intbl
\trowd \trrh20\trleft0\clvertalb\clbrdrt\brdrnone \clbrdrl\brdrnone \clbrdrb\brdrnone \clbrdrr\brdrnone \cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth500 \cellx500
\clvertalb\clbrdrt\brdrnone \clbrdrl\brdrnone \clbrdrb\brdrnone \clbrdrr\brdrnone \cltxlrtb\clcbpat4\clcbpatraw4\clftsWidth3\clwWidth3000 \cellx3500
\clvertalb\clbrdrt\brdrnone \clbrdrl\brdrnone \clbrdrb\brdrnone \clbrdrr\brdrnone \cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth740 \cellx4240
\clvertalb\clbrdrt\brdrnone \clbrdrl\brdrnone \clbrdrb\brdrnone \clbrdrr\brdrnone \cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth1160 \cellx5400
\clvertalb\clbrdrt\brdrnone \clbrdrl\brdrnone \clbrdrb\brdrnone \clbrdrr\brdrnone \cltxlrtb\clcbpat4\clcbpatraw4\clftsWidth3\clwWidth3000 \cellx8400
\row 

\trowd \trrh541\trleft0\clvertalb\clbrdrt\brdrnone \clbrdrl\brdrnone \clbrdrb\brdrnone \clbrdrr\brdrnone \cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth3500 \cellx3500
\clvertalb\clbrdrt\brdrnone \clbrdrl\brdrnone \clbrdrb\brdrnone \clbrdrr\brdrnone \cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth740 \cellx4240
\clvertalb\clbrdrt\brdrnone \clbrdrl\brdrnone \clbrdrb\brdrnone \clbrdrr\brdrnone \cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth4160 \cellx8400
\pard\plain\intbl\ql{{\f1\fs23 ___________________}\cell}\pard\intbl\ql
\pard\plain\intbl{\fs24\cell}\pard\intbl
\pard\plain\intbl\li660\ql{{\f1\fs23 _____________________}\cell}\pard\intbl\li660\ql
\trowd \trrh541\trleft0\clvertalb\clbrdrt\brdrnone \clbrdrl\brdrnone \clbrdrb\brdrnone \clbrdrr\brdrnone \cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth3500 \cellx3500
\clvertalb\clbrdrt\brdrnone \clbrdrl\brdrnone \clbrdrb\brdrnone \clbrdrr\brdrnone \cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth740 \cellx4240
\clvertalb\clbrdrt\brdrnone \clbrdrl\brdrnone \clbrdrb\brdrnone \clbrdrr\brdrnone \cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth4160 \cellx8400
\row 

\trowd \trrh269\trleft0\clvertalb\clbrdrt\brdrnone \clbrdrl\brdrnone \clbrdrb\brdrnone \clbrdrr\brdrnone \cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth4240 \cellx4240
\clvertalb\clbrdrt\brdrnone \clbrdrl\brdrnone \clbrdrb\brdrnone \clbrdrr\brdrnone \cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth4160 \cellx8400
\pard\plain\intbl\ql{{\f1\fs23 Date}\cell}\pard\intbl\ql
\pard\plain\intbl\li660\ql{{\f1\fs23 Date}\cell}\pard\intbl\li660\ql
\trowd \trrh269\trleft0\clvertalb\clbrdrt\brdrnone \clbrdrl\brdrnone \clbrdrb\brdrnone \clbrdrr\brdrnone \cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth4240 \cellx4240
\clvertalb\clbrdrt\brdrnone \clbrdrl\brdrnone \clbrdrb\brdrnone \clbrdrr\brdrnone \cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth4160 \cellx8400
\row 


}
}
{\pard\sl-200\slmult0\par
\pard\sl-200\slmult0\par
\pard\sl-200\slmult0\par
\pard\sl-200\slmult0\par
\pard\sl-200\slmult0\par
\pard\sl-200\slmult0\par
\pard\sl-200\slmult0\par
\pard\sl-200\slmult0\par
\pard\sl-200\slmult0\par
\pard\sl-200\slmult0\par
\pard\sl-200\slmult0\par
\pard\sl-200\slmult0\par
\pard\sl-200\slmult0\par
\pard\sl-200\slmult0\par
\pard\sl-200\slmult0\par
\pard\sl-200\slmult0\par
\pard\sl-200\slmult0\par
\pard\sl-200\slmult0\par
\pard\sl-200\slmult0\par
\pard\sl-200\slmult0\par
\pard\sl-200\slmult0\par
\pard\sl-200\slmult0\par
\pard\sl-200\slmult0\par
\pard\sl-200\slmult0\par
\pard\sl-200\slmult0\par
\pard\sl-383\slmult0\par

{\pard\plain \li4140\ql{\f1\fs23 4}\par}
}\sect\sbknone
\marglsxn1760\margrsxn2580\cols1\colno1\colw7560
{\pard\sl-243\slmult0\par

{\pard\plain \li0\ql{\f2\fs15 \\\\files\\hipaa\\VPN Approval Process\\VPN Materials - FINAL Versions\\Third Party Connection Agreement 20081113.doc}\par}
}\sect\sbkpage\sectd\pard\plain
\pgwsxn11900\pghsxn16840
{\*\bkmkstart page5}{\*\bkmkend page5}
\margl1752\margr1740\margt1440\margb1139\marglsxn1752\margrsxn1740\cols1\colno1\colw8408
{\pard\sl-200\slmult0\par
\pard\sl-200\slmult0\par
\pard\sl-200\slmult0\par
\pard\sl-344\slmult0\par

{\pard\plain \li3228\ql{\f3\b\fs23 EXHIBIT 1}\par}
}
{\pard\sl-3\slmult0\par

{\pard\plain \li2248\ql{\f3\b\fs23 THIRD PARTY STANDARDS}\par}
}
{\pard\sl-270\slmult0\par

{\pard\plain \li8\sl239\slmult1 \ql{\f1\fs23 Third Party will abide by the following standards.  Third Party will:}\par}
}
{\pard\sl-279\slmult0\par

{\pard\plain \li8\sl239\slmult1 \ri880\nooverflow\ql{\f1\fs23 Guarantee that the VPN connection is only used for the purposes set forth in this Agreement}\par}
}
{\pard\sl-280\slmult0\par

{\pard\plain \li8\sl239\slmult1 \ri340\nooverflow\ql{\f1\fs23 Use best practices to maintain a secure enterprise network free from programming devices or instructions (e.g., viruses, key locks, back doors, trap doors, etc.) that could}\par}
}
{\pard\sl-6\slmult0\par
{{\listtext{\pard\plain {\f1\fs23 (a) }\tab}}\pard\plain 
\f1\fs23 \qj\fi-308\nowidctlpar\jclisttab\tx308\faauto\ls4\ilvl0\rin0\nooverflow\lin308\itap0 \sl239\slmult1 {\plain\f1\fs23 disrupt use of the, infect or defraud UCH\rquote s system, equipment or software or }\par\pard\sl-10\slmult0\par
{\listtext{\pard\plain {\f1\fs23 (b) }\tab}}\pard\plain 
\f1\fs23 \qj\fi-8\nowidctlpar\jclisttab\tx337\faauto\ls4\ilvl0\rin0\nooverflow\lin8\itap0 \sl239\slmult1 {\plain\f1\fs23 destroy or damage data or make data inaccessible or delayed, except for file and purge routines necessary to the routine functioning of a UCH system. }\par}
}
{\pard\sl-280\slmult0\par

{\pard\plain \li8\ri200\nooverflow\qj{\f1\fs23 Repair or apply applicable security patches to known security vulnerabilities as soon as possible, test and verify that the patches work, and notify UCH immediately of the need for such change.}\par}
}
{\pard\sl-279\slmult0\par

{\pard\plain \li8\sl242\slmult1 \ri0\nooverflow\ql{\f1\fs23 Use industry standard encryption algorithms and best practice configurations to ensure security of the transmissions (for example at September 2005, AES and 168 bit 3DES), or use its own encryption and configuration policies if recognized as an industry standard by a technology standard organization (for example IEEE and RFC).}\par}
}
{\pard\sl-277\slmult0\par

{\pard\plain \li8\sl239\slmult1 \ri180\nooverflow\ql{\f1\fs23 Identify and maintain a log of all personnel ever provided access to the VPN connection and provide the log upon reasonable request of UCH.}\par}
}
{\pard\sl-280\slmult0\par

{\pard\plain \li8\sl242\slmult1 \ri20\nooverflow\ql{\f1\fs23 Notify UCH at least fourteen (14) days prior to any desired change to the VPN connection and work cooperatively with UCH to effectuate the change. If a circumstance necessitates an urgent change, then Vendor will notify UCH immediately upon it knowledge of the need for such change.}\par}
}
{\pard\sl-275\slmult0\par

{\pard\plain \li8\sl239\slmult1 \ri160\nooverflow\ql{\f1\fs23 Notify UCH as soon as possible of any changes in Vendor\rquote s password policy or changes in the information provided to UCH as part of the VPN connection process.}\par}
}
{\pard\sl-280\slmult0\par

{\pard\plain \li8\sl239\slmult1 \ri0\nooverflow\ql{\f1\fs23 Monitor, log and audit the VPN connection to verify compliance with this Agreement and to provide documentation upon UCH\rquote s reasonable request.}\par}
}
{\pard\sl-200\slmult0\par
\pard\sl-200\slmult0\par
\pard\sl-200\slmult0\par
\pard\sl-200\slmult0\par
\pard\sl-200\slmult0\par
\pard\sl-200\slmult0\par
\pard\sl-200\slmult0\par
\pard\sl-200\slmult0\par
\pard\sl-200\slmult0\par
\pard\sl-200\slmult0\par
\pard\sl-200\slmult0\par
\pard\sl-200\slmult0\par
\pard\sl-299\slmult0\par

{\pard\plain \li4148\ql{\f1\fs23 5}\par}
}
{\pard\sl-232\slmult0\par

{\pard\plain \li8\sl239\slmult1 \ql{\f2\fs16 \\\\files\\hipaa\\VPN Approval Process\\VPN Materials - FINAL Versions\\Third Party Connection Agreement 20081113.doc}\par}
}} 3\d\fc f\l