{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Segoe UI;}}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.10240}{\*\mmathPr\mnaryLim0\mdispDef1\mwrapIndent1440 }\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa200\qr\b\f0\fs22 Last updated March 2016\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\sa200 MICROSOFT PRE-RELEASE SOFTWARE LICENSE TERMS\par

\pard\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brsp20 \nowidctlpar\sa200 WINDOWS OPERATING SYSTEM (PRE-RELEASE)\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\sa200 IF YOU LIVE IN (OR IF YOUR PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS IS IN) THE UNITED STATES, PLEASE READ THE BINDING ARBITRATION CLAUSE AND CLASS ACTION WAIVER IN SECTION 7. IT AFFECTS HOW DISPUTES ARE RESOLVED.\par
Thank you for choosing Microsoft!\par
\b0 Depending on how you obtained the Windows software, this is a license agreement between you and Microsoft Corporation (or, based on where you live or if a business where your principal place of business is located, one of its affiliates) \par
This agreement describes your rights and the conditions upon which you may use the Windows software. You should review the entire agreement, including any supplemental license terms that accompany the software and any linked terms, because all of the terms are important and together create this agreement that applies to you. You can review linked terms by pasting the (aka.ms/) link into a browser window.\par
IMPORTANT NOTICE.  This software is an experimental and early prerelease version. This means that you may experience occasional crashes and data loss. To recover, you may have to reinstall the software, your applications, or re-flash your device. In some instances, once you install the software, you may not be able to go back to the prior version of the software. Some features may be removed, change before commercial release or may never be commercially released. Some third party applications installed on the device may also not work, may stop working, or may be automatically deleted. Additionally, the software, if installed on a mobile device, may inadvertently damage your device rendering it inoperable. By using the software, you agree to frequently backup your data.\par
\b By accepting this agreement or using the software, you agree to all of these terms, and consent to the transmission of certain information during activation and during your use of the software as per the privacy statement described in Section 3. If you do not accept and comply with these terms, you may not use the software or its features.\b0\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-540\li540\sa200\b 1.\tab Overview.\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-540\li1080\sa200 a.\tab Applicability.\b0  This agreement applies to the Windows software identified above, the media on which you received the software (if any), any fonts, icons, images or sound files included with the software, and also any Microsoft updates, upgrades, supplements or services for the software, unless other terms come with them. It also applies to Windows apps developed by Microsoft that provide functionality such as contacts, music, photos and news that are included with and are a part of Windows. If this agreement contains terms regarding a feature or service not available on your device, then those terms do not apply.\par
\b b.\tab Additional terms.\b0  Additional Microsoft and third party terms may apply to your use of certain features, services and apps, depending on your device\rquote s capabilities, how it is configured, and how you use it. Please be sure to read them.\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-540\li1620\sa200 (i)\tab Some Windows apps provide an access point to, or rely on, online services, and the use of those services is sometimes governed by separate terms and privacy policies, such as the Microsoft Services Agreement at (aka.ms/msa). You can view these terms and policies by looking at the service terms of use or the app\rquote s settings, as applicable. The services may not be available in all regions.\par
(ii)\tab The software includes Adobe Flash Player that is licensed under terms from Adobe Systems Incorporated at (aka.ms/adobeflash). Adobe and Flash are either registered trademarks or trademarks of Adobe Systems Incorporated in the United States and/or other countries.\par
(iii)\tab The software may include third party programs that are licensed to you under this agreement, or under their own terms. License terms, notices and acknowledgements, if any, for the third party programs can be viewed at (aka.ms/thirdpartynotices).\par
(iv)\tab To the extent included with Windows, Word, Excel, PowerPoint and OneNote are licensed for your personal, non-commercial use, unless you have commercial use rights under a separate agreement.\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-540\li540\sa200\b 2.\tab Installation and Use Rights.\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-540\li1080\sa200 a.\tab License.\b0  The software is licensed, not sold. Under this agreement, we grant you the right to install the software on your device (the licensed device), up to the software\rquote s expiration date, so long as you comply with all the terms of this agreement. Updating or upgrading from non-genuine software with software from Microsoft or authorized sources does not make your original version or the updated/upgraded version genuine, and in that situation, you do not have a license to use the software.\par
\b b.\b0\tab\b Device.\b0  In this agreement, \ldblquote device\rdblquote  means a hardware system (whether physical or virtual) with an internal storage device capable of running the software. A hardware partition or blade is considered to be a device.\par
\b c.\b0\tab\b Restrictions.\b0  Microsoft reserves all rights (such as rights under intellectual property laws) not expressly granted in this agreement. For example, this license does not give you any right to, and you may not:\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-540\li1620\sa200 (i)\tab use or virtualize features of the software separately;\par
(ii)\tab publish, copy (other than the permitted backup copy), rent, lease, or lend the software;\par
(iii)\tab transfer the software (except as permitted by this agreement);\par
(iv)\tab work around any technical restrictions or limitations in the software;\par
(v)\tab use the software as server software, for commercial hosting, make the software available for simultaneous use by multiple users over a network, install the software on a server and allow users to access it remotely, or install the software on a device for use only by remote users;\par
(vi)\tab reverse engineer, decompile, or disassemble the software, or attempt to do so, except and only to the extent that the foregoing restriction is permitted by applicable law or by licensing terms governing the use of open-source components that may be included with the software; and\par
(vii)\tab when using Internet-based features you may not use those features in any way that could interfere with anyone else\rquote s use of them, or to try to gain access to or use any service, data, account, or network, in an unauthorized manner.\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-540\li540\sa200\b 3.\tab Privacy; Consent to Use of Data.\b0  You agree that Microsoft may collect, use, and disclose your information as described in the Privacy Statement at (aka.ms/privacy).\par
\b 4.\tab Updates.\b0  The software\b  \b0 periodically checks for system and app updates, and downloads and installs them for you. You may obtain updates only from Microsoft or authorized sources, and Microsoft may need to update your system to provide you with those updates. By accepting this agreement, you agree to receive these types of automatic updates without any additional notice.\par
\b 5.\tab Geographic and Export Restrictions.\b0  If your software is restricted for use in a particular geographic region, then you may activate the software only in that region. You must also comply with all domestic and international export laws and regulations that apply to the software, which include restrictions on destinations, end users, and end use. For further information on geographic and export restrictions, visit (aka.ms/georestrict) and (aka.ms/exporting).\par
\b 6.\tab Support.  \b0 Because this software is licensed \ldblquote as is,\rdblquote  Microsoft may not provide support services for it. Once you install the software on your device, you may be voiding your device warranty and may not be entitled to support from the manufacturer of your device or network operator, if applicable.\b\par
7.\tab Binding Arbitration and Class Action Waiver if You Live in (or if a Business Your Principal Place of Business is in) the United States.\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li540\sa200\b0 We hope we never have a dispute, but if we do, you and we agree to try for 60 days to resolve it informally. If we can\rquote t, you and we agree to \b binding individual arbitration before the American Arbitration Association (\ldblquote AAA\rdblquote ) under the Federal Arbitration Act (\ldblquote FAA\rdblquote ), and not to sue in court in front of a judge or jury\b0 . Instead, a neutral arbitrator will decide and the arbitrator\rquote s decision will be final except for a limited right of appeal under the FAA. \b Class action lawsuits, class-wide arbitrations, private attorney-general actions, and any other proceeding where someone acts in a representative capacity aren\rquote t allowed. Nor is combining individual proceedings without the consent of all parties.\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-540\li1080\sa200 a.\b0\tab\b Disputes covered\emdash everything except IP.\b0  The term \ldblquote dispute\rdblquote  is as broad as it can be. It includes any claim or controversy between you and Microsoft, concerning the software, its price, or this agreement, under any legal theory including contract, warranty, tort, statute, or regulation, \b except disputes relating to the enforcement or validity of your, your licensors\rquote , our, or our licensors\rquote  intellectual property rights.\b0\par
\b b.\b0\tab\b Mail a\b0  \b Notice of Dispute first.\b0  If you have a dispute and our customer service representatives can\rquote t resolve it, send a Notice of Dispute by U.S. Mail to Microsoft Corporation, ATTN: LCA ARBITRATION, One Microsoft Way, Redmond, WA 98052-6399. Tell us your name, address, how to contact you, what the problem is, and what you want. A form is available at (aka.ms/disputeform). We\rquote ll do the same if we have a dispute with you. After 60 days, you or we may start an arbitration if the dispute is unresolved.\par
\b c.\tab Small claims court option.\b0  Instead of mailing a Notice of Dispute, and if you meet the court\rquote s requirements, you may sue us in small claims court in your county of residence (or if a business your principal place of business) or our principal place of business\endash King County, Washington USA if your dispute is with Microsoft. We hope you\rquote ll mail a Notice of Dispute and give us 60 days to try to work it out, but you don\rquote t have to before going to small claims court\b .\b0\par
\b d.\tab Arbitration procedure.\b0  The AAA will conduct any arbitration under its Commercial Arbitration Rules (or if you are an individual and use the software for personal or household use, or if the value of the dispute is $75,000 USD or less whether or not you are an individual or how you use the software, its Consumer Arbitration Rules). For more information, see (aka.ms/adr) or call 1-800-778-7879. To start an arbitration, submit the form available at (aka.ms/arbitration) to the AAA; mail a copy to Microsoft. In a dispute involving $25,000 USD or less, any hearing will be telephonic unless the arbitrator finds good cause to hold an in-person hearing instead. Any in-person hearing will take place in your county of residence (of if a business your principal place of business) or our principal place of business\emdash King County, Washington if your dispute is with Microsoft. You choose. The arbitrator may award the same damages to you individually as a court could. The arbitrator may award declaratory or injunctive relief only to you individually to satisfy your individual claim.\par
\b e.\b0\tab\b Arbitration fees and payments.\b0\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-540\li1620\sa200 (i)\tab\b Disputes involving $75,000 USD or less\b0 . Microsoft will promptly reimburse your filing fees and pay the AAA\rquote s and arbitrator\rquote s fees and expenses. If you reject our last written settlement offer made before the arbitrator was appointed, your dispute goes all the way to an arbitrator\rquote s decision (called an \ldblquote award\rdblquote ), and the arbitrator awards you more than this last written offer, Microsoft will: (1) pay the greater of the award or $1,000 USD; (2) pay your reasonable attorney\rquote s fees, if any; and (3) reimburse any expenses (including expert witness fees and costs) that your attorney reasonably accrues for investigating, preparing, and pursuing your claim in arbitration. The arbitrator will determine the amounts unless you and we agree on them.\par
(ii)\tab\b Disputes involving more than $75,000 USD.\b0  The AAA rules will govern payment of filing fees and the AAA\rquote s and arbitrator\rquote s fees and expenses.\par
(iii)\tab\b Disputes involving any amount.\b0  If you start an arbitration we won\rquote t seek our AAA or arbitrator\rquote s fees and expenses, or your filing fees we reimbursed, unless the arbitrator finds the arbitration frivolous or brought for an improper purpose. If we start an arbitration we will pay all filing, AAA, and arbitrator\rquote s fees and expenses. We won\rquote t seek our attorney\rquote s fees or expenses from you in any arbitration. Fees and expenses are not counted in determining how much a dispute involves.\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-540\li1080\sa200\b f.\b0\tab\b Must file within one year.\b0  You and we must file in small claims court or arbitration any claim or dispute (except intellectual property disputes \emdash  see Section 7.a.) within one year from when it first could be filed. Otherwise, it\rquote s permanently barred.\par
\b g.\b0\tab\b Severability\b0 . If the class action waiver is found to be illegal or unenforceable as to all or some parts of a dispute, those parts won\rquote t be arbitrated but will proceed in court, with the rest proceeding in arbitration. If any other provision of Section 7 is found to be illegal or unenforceable, that provision will be severed but the rest of Section 7 still applies.\par
\b h\b0 .\tab\b Conflict with AAA rules.\b0  This agreement governs if it conflicts with the AAA\rquote s Commercial Arbitration Rules or Consumer Arbitration Rules.\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-540\li540\sa200\b 8.\tab Governing Law.\b0  The laws of the state or country where you live (or if a business where your principal place of business is located) govern all claims and disputes concerning the software, its price, or this agreement, including breach of contract claims and claims under state consumer protection laws, unfair competition laws, implied warranty laws, for unjust enrichment, and in tort, regardless of conflict of law principles, except that the FAA governs all provisions relating to arbitration.\par
\b 9.\b0\tab\b Consumer Rights, Regional Variations.\b0  This agreement describes certain legal rights. You may have other rights, including consumer rights, under the laws of your state or country. You may also have rights with respect to the party from which you acquired the software. This agreement does not change those other rights if the laws of your state or country do not permit it to do so.:\par
\b  \b0  \b 10.\tab Additional Notices.\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-540\li1080\sa200 a.\tab Networks, data and Internet usage.\b0  Some features of the software and services accessed through the software may require your device to access the Internet. Your access and usage (including charges) may be subject to the terms of your cellular or internet provider agreement. Certain features of the software may help you access the Internet more efficiently, but the software\rquote s usage calculations may be different from your service provider\rquote s measurements. You are always responsible for (i) understanding and complying with the terms of your own plans and agreements, and (ii) any issues arising from using or accessing networks, including public/open networks. You may use the software to connect to networks, and to share access information about those networks, only if you have permission to do so.\par
\b b.\tab H.264/AVC and MPEG-4 visual standards and VC-1 video standards.\b0  The software may include H.264/MPEG-4 AVC and/or VC-1 decoding technology. MPEG LA, L.L.C. requires this notice:\b\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li1080\sa200\b0 THIS PRODUCT IS LICENSED UNDER THE AVC, THE VC-1, AND THE MPEG-4 PART 2 VISUAL PATENT PORTFOLIO LICENSES FOR THE PERSONAL AND NON-COMMERCIAL USE OF A CONSUMER TO (i) ENCODE VIDEO IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE ABOVE STANDARDS (\ldblquote VIDEO STANDARDS\rdblquote ) AND/OR (ii) DECODE AVC, VC-1, AND MPEG-4 PART 2 VIDEO THAT WAS ENCODED BY A CONSUMER ENGAGED IN A PERSONAL AND NON-COMMERCIAL ACTIVITY AND/OR WAS OBTAINED FROM A VIDEO PROVIDER LICENSED TO PROVIDE SUCH VIDEO. NO LICENSE IS GRANTED OR SHALL BE IMPLIED FOR ANY OTHER USE. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION MAY BE OBTAINED FROM MPEG LA, L.L.C. SEE (AKA.MS/MPEGLA).\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-540\li1080\sa200\b c.\b0\tab\b Malware protection.\b0  Microsoft cares about protecting your device from malware. The software will turn on malware protection if other protection is not installed or has expired. To do so, other antimalware software will be disabled or may have to be removed.\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-540\li540\sa200\b 11.\tab DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY.  \b0 The software is licensed \ldblquote as-is\rdblquote  and you bear the risk of using it. Microsoft gives no express warranties, guarantees or conditions. You may have additional consumer rights under your local laws which this agreement cannot change. To the extent permitted under your local laws, Microsoft excludes the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, and non-infringement. \par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-540\li540\sa200\tx540\b 12.\tab\caps Limitation on and Exclusion of Remedies and Damages.  \b0\caps0 If you have any basis for recovering damages from Microsoft, you can recover only direct damages up to $5.00 USD. \b You may not recover any other damages, including consequential, lost profits, special, indirect, or incidental damages.\b0  The damage exclusions and limitations in this agreement apply even if repair, replacement, or a refund for the software does not fully compensate you for any losses or if Microsoft knew or should have known about the possibility of the damages. Some states and countries do not allow the exclusion or limitation of incidental, consequential, or other damages, so those limitations or exclusions may not apply to you. \b If your local law allows you to recover other damages from Microsoft even though we do not, you cannot recover more than $5.00 USD, or the amount you paid for the software, whichever is higher.\b0\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-540\li540\sa200\b 13.\tab Entire Agreement.\b0  This agreement (together with the printed paper license terms or other terms accompanying any software supplements, updates, and services that are provided by Microsoft, and that you use), and the terms contained in web links listed in this agreement, are the entire agreement for the software and any such supplements, updates, and services (unless Microsoft, provides other terms with such supplements, updates, or services). You can review this agreement after your software is running by going to Settings - System - About within the software. You can also review the terms at any of the links in this agreement by typing the URLs into a browser address bar, and you agree to do so. You agree that you will read the terms before using the software or services, including any linked terms. You understand that by using the software and services, you ratify this agreement and the linked terms. There are also informational links in this agreement. The links containing notices and binding terms are:\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-540\li1620\sa200\'b7\tab Windows 10 Privacy Statement (aka.ms/privacy)\par
\'b7\tab Microsoft Services Agreement (aka.ms/msa)\par
\'b7\tab Adobe Flash Player License Terms (aka.ms/adobeflash)\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\sa200\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120\b0\fs20 EULAID:RSC_3R_1_ED_EDU_O_en-us\par\par 
}
 
  13d1ۙ0f
wea'=