{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1347\cocoasubrtf570
\cocoascreenfonts1{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;
\f3\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;\f4\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red34\green34\blue34;\red26\green26\blue26;\red16\green60\blue192;
}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\vieww32000\viewh15740\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\qj

\f0\fs26 \cf2 PLEASE READ CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS SOFTWARE PRODUCT:\'a0 This End-User License Agreement ("EULA") is a contract between (a) you (either an individual or the entity you represent) and (b) Pro Softnet Corporation ("PSC") and its affiliates that governs your use of this software product (\'93Software\'94).\'a0The term "Software" may also include (i) associated media, (ii) a user guide and other printed materials, and (iii) "online" or electronic documentation (collectively \'93User Documentation\'94). \'a0
\f1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 
\f0 RIGHTS IN THE SOFTWARE ARE OFFERED ONLY ON THE CONDITION THAT YOU AGREE TO ALL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS EULA. BY INSTALLING, COPYING, DOWNLOADING, OR OTHERWISE USING THE SOFTWARE, YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THIS EULA.\'a0 YOU FURTHER\
AGREE THAT THIS IS THE COMPLETE AND EXCLUSIVE STATEMENT OF THE EULA BETWEEN PSC AND YOU, WHICH SUPERSEDES ANY PROPOSAL OR PRIOR AGREEMENT, ORAL OR WRITTEN, AND ANY OTHER COMMUNICATIONS PSC AND YOU RELATING TO THE SUBJECT MATTER OF THIS LICENSE AGREEMENT.IF YOU DO NOT ACCEPT THIS EULA, DO NOT INSTALL, DOWNLOAD, OR OTHERWISE USE THE SOFTWARE.\
\
PLEASE NOTE THAT YOU MAY NOT USE, COPY, MODIFY OR TRANSFER THE SOFTWARE OR ANY COPY, EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY PROVIDED IN THIS LICENSE AGREEMENT.\
\'a0
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 1. LICENSE RIGHTS: This Software is licensed, not sold, to you.
\f2 \cf0  
\f0 \cf2 The term "Software" shall also include any future versions and updates of the Software licensed to you by PSC subject to the terms of this License Agreement. PSC grants you a license to Use a copy of this Software. "Use" means installing, copying, storing, loading, executing, displaying, or otherwise using the Software. You may not modify the Software or disable any licensing or control feature of the Software except as expressly provided in this agreement. \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Additional restrictions, guidelines, terms on Use may appear in the User Documentation, if any, and FAQ, including, but not limited to, the Terms of Service and the Acceptable Use Policy which can be found at \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 http://www.idrive.com\cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 and which have already been accepted by you upon your establishment of your IDrive Account.
\f3\fs24 \

\f0\fs26 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \

\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 2. RESTRICTIONS: Except as expressly permitted by this License Agreement, you hereby acknowledge and agree that: (1) you will not copy the Software except as permitted in the paragraph labeled COPYRIGHT; (2) you will not transmit, or provide access to, the Software over a network except as required by the Software's primary functions (3) you will not sublicense, assign, rent, sell, lease, distribute or otherwise transfer the Software or any of the rights granted by this License Agreement. You may, however, physically transfer the Software from one computer to another; (4) you will not avoid, or attempt to avoid, any applicable time limitation; (5) you will not release the results of any performance or functional evaluation of the Software to any third party without prior written approval of PSC for each such release; and (6) you will not use PSC\'92s name or refer to PSC directly or indirectly in any papers, articles, advertisements, sales presentations, news releases or releases to any third party without the prior written approval of PSC for each such use. If you wish to develop an interface to the Software or merge the Software with any other software, you shall inform PSC and PSC, at its option, and possibly for a fee, may provide you with information sufficient to enable interoperability between the Software and such other software or products.\

\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 3. PROPRIETARY RIGHTS: All intellectual property rights in the Software and User Documentation are owned by PSC or its affiliates and are protected by law, including applicable copyright, trade secret, patent, and trademark laws.\'a0 You will not remove any product identification, copyright notice, or proprietary restriction from the Software.\

\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 4. LIMITATION ON REVERSE ENGINEERING:\'a0You may not reverse engineer, decompile, modify, or disassemble the Software, except and only to the extent that the right to do so is allowed by this agreement or under applicable law.\
\
5.
\f4 \cf0  
\f0 \cf2 COPYRIGHT: The Software is copyrighted by PSC and/or its affiliates. You may not copy the Software except to provide a backup copy and to load the Software into the computer as part of executing the Software. Solely with respect to User Documentation included with the Software, you may make an unlimited number of copies (either in hardcopy or electronic form), provided that such copies shall be used only for internal purposes and are not republished or distributed to any third party. Any and all other copies of the Software and/or the User Documentation made by you are in violation of this License Agreement.\

\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 6. OWNERSHIP: You agree that PSC and/or its affiliates retain all right, title and interest in and to the Software and all copies at all times, regardless of the form or media in or on which the original or other copies may subsequently exist. You agree that you neither own nor hereby acquire any claim or right of ownership to the Software or to any related patents, copyrights, trademarks or other intellectual property except as expressly permitted in this agreement. You agree to use your best efforts to prevent and protect the contents of the Software from unauthorized disclosure or use. PSC and/or its affiliates reserve all rights not expressly granted to you. PSC's affiliates are the intended third party beneficiaries of this License Agreement and have the express right to rely upon and directly enforce the terms set forth herein. Any content or information accessed through the Software is the property of the applicable content/information owner and may be protected by applicable copyright law. This License Agreement gives you no rights to such content or information.\
\
7. CONSENT TO USE OF DATA: PSC and its affiliates may collect and use technical information you provide in relation to (i) your Use of the Software, or (ii) the provision of support services related to the Software.\'a0 All such information will be subject to PSC\'92s privacy policy.\'a0 PSC will not use such information in a form that personally identifies you except to the extent necessary to enhance your Use or provide support services.\

\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 \
8. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY: NO WARRANTY IS PROVIDED WITH THIS SOFTWARE. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTIES, CONDITIONS, REPRESENTATIONS OR GUARANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED, IMPLIED, STATUTORY OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, SATISFACTORY QUALITY, TITLE, OR NONINFRINGEMENT. PSC DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THE OPERATION OF THE SOFTWARE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR FREE. YOU BEAR THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE RESULTS, QUALITY AND PERFORMANCE OF THE SOFTWARE. SHOULD THE SOFTWARE PROVE DEFECTIVE, YOU ASSUME THE ENTIRE COST OF ALL NECESSARY SERVICING, REPAIR OR CORRECTION. NO ORAL OR WRITTEN INFORMATION OR ADVICE GIVEN BY PRO SOFTNET CORP. OR A PRO SOFTNET CORP. AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE SHALL CREATE A WARRANTY. This disclaimer of warranty constitutes an essential part of this LICENSE agreement. YOU ARE ADVISED TO VERIFY AND BACK UP YOUR WORK AND TO NOT RELY ON THE SOFTWARE FOR ANY REASON. SOME STATES/JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES, SO THE ABOVE EXCLUSION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU, AND YOU MAY HAVE OTHER LEGAL RIGHTS THAT VARY FROM STATE TO STATE OR BY JURISDICTION.\
\
9. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY:\'a0TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT AND UNDER NO LEGAL THEORY WILL  PSC, ITS AFFILIATES, OR ANY OTHER PERSON WHO HAS BEEN INVOLVED IN THE CREATION, PRODUCTION, OR DELIVERY OF THE SOFTWARE BE LIABLE FOR ANY GENERAL, DIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING DAMAGES FOR LOST PROFITS, LOST DATA, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, PERSONAL INJURY, OR LOSS OF PRIVACY) RELATED IN ANY WAY TO THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE SOFTWARE, EVEN IF PSC OR ANY SUPPLIER HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.\'a0YOU AGREE THAT THIS LIMITATION OF LIABILITY IS REASONABLE GIVEN THAT THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED FREE OF CHARGE. Some states or other jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or limitation of incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you.\
\
10. NO OBLIGATION: PSC is under no obligation to develop, maintain, or market the Software. Future versions of the Software, if any, may not be compatible with the current release of the Software.\
\
11.
\f4 \cf0  
\f0 \cf2 FEEDBACK: Any comments or materials sent to Pro Softnet Corp. including feedback data, such as questions, comments, suggestions, or the like regarding the Software (collectively "Feedback"), shall be deemed to be non-confidential. Pro Softnet Corp. shall have no obligation of any kind with respect to such Feedback and shall be free to reproduce, use, disclose, exhibit, display, transform, create derivative works and distribute the Feedback to others without limitation. Further, Pro Softnet Corp. shall be free to use any ideas, concepts, know-how or techniques contained in such Feedback for any purpose whatsoever, including but not limited to developing, manufacturing and marketing products incorporating such Feedback.\

\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 12. EXPORT CONTROLS: This Software is subject to export control. The Software may be transmitted, exported, or re-exported only under applicable export laws and restrictions and regulations of the United States Bureau of Export Administration or foreign agencies or authorities. By downloading or using the Software, you are agreeing to comply with export controls.\
\
The Software may not be downloaded or otherwise exported or re-exported to any country subject to U.S. trade sanctions governing the Software, sanctioned countries, or by citizens or residents of such countries except citizens who are lawful permanent residents of countries not subject to such sanctions, or by anyone on the U.S. Treasury Department's list of Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons or the U.S. Commerce Department's Table of Denial Orders.\
\
13. U.S. GOVERNMENT CUSTOMERS: If the Software is downloaded or installed for or on behalf of the United States of America, its agencies and/or instrumentalities ("U.S. Government"), the Software is provided to the U.S. Government as commercial computer software under FAR 12.212 and DFARS 227.7202, or an equivalent provision (e.g., in supplements of various U.S. government agencies, as applicable), and the restrictions set forth in this License Agreement. The manufacturer PSC and/or its affiliates. Pro Softnet Corporation, IDrive Division, 26115 Mureau Road, Suite A, Calabasas, CA 91302 USA.\
\
14.
\f4 \cf0  
\f0 \cf2 GENERAL: You must reproduce and include any copyright notices, trademarks or other proprietary legends of PSC and its suppliers on any copy of the Software made by you. This License Agreement is governed by the laws of the State of California, United States, without reference to conflict of laws provisions or the United Nations 1980 Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods and any amendments thereto.\
\
You acknowledge that a violation of this License Agreement may cause irreparable harm PSC, and you agree that, in addition to any other remedies provided by law, PSC shall be entitled to seek injunctive relief against any such violation without having to post a bond. If any provision of this License Agreement is ruled invalid, such invalidity shall not affect the validity of the remaining portions of this License Agreement. All terms of any purchase order or other ordering document submitted by you shall be superseded by this License Agreement. Should you have any questions concerning this License Agreement, you may contact Pro Softnet Corp. by writing to Pro Softnet Corporation, IDrive Division, 26115 Mureau Road, Suite A, Calabasas, CA 91302 USA. The product name for the Software is a trademark or registered trademark of PSC.  All other trademarks displayed by the Software are the property of their respective owners.\
\
15. OPEN SOURCE: The Software may use certain open source applications that communicate with the Software at arms length. Such open source applications are covered under GNU GPL version 2. For a copy of GNU GPL, see http://www.idrive.com. The Software communicates with the open source applications in an interface form with clear separation between the open source applications and the proprietary Software related application. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms of the above described open source elements, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the redistributions of source code must retain a verbatim copy of the GNU GPL.\

\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj

\f0 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
16. PRICING: In exchange for use of the Services, you authorize a recurring monthly or annual charge to your credit card. The recurring charge will be locked at the published standard plan that is chosen at the time of sign-up or to a customized quote provided for your specific use. You also agree that the enrollment for the next service period is automatic and paid in advance at the same rate. Please note that we may automatically receive updated credit card information from our merchants from time to time in cases where your account is issued a new card number or your credit card expires. However, we still advise you update your card manually from your account screen when changes to your account information occur.\
\
If we are unable to execute any applicable charges due to credit card denial or for any other reason, you will be notified via email. In case of non-action by the user, the account may be cancelled. We may delay Account cancellation related to non-payment for the Services and provide a grace period of up to sixty (60) days from the due date to allow for the customer to arrange payment. If the account is cancelled for any reason, user data and its backups will be removed from our storage servers. If you have used the Local Backup feature, you will NOT be able to access data from your external drive as well.\'a0\
\
Discrepancies\'a0\
Your right to raise a billing discrepancy and any associated recovery is waived unless reported to us by calling our customer support line or emailing us at {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:support@idrive.com"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc4 support@i}}\cf4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc4 drive.com \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ulnone within sixty (60) calendar days after such discrepancy is charged to your credit card.\'a0\
\
Cancellation & Refunds\
You must cancel your Account before it renews each month or year in order to avoid a charge for the next month's or year's fees to your credit card. Please note on cancellation, refunds are issued if account is canceled within fifteen (15) days of its creation date. After 15 days, pro-rated refunds are issued on a case-by-case basis subject to eligibility.\
\
We will not issue any pro-rated refunds for the remaining period of a month when an account with a monthly subscription plan ("current plan") is downgraded to a smaller plan ("new plan") (a plan that costs less per month than the current plan) during the middle of a month. However the rate applicable to the new plan will automatically be charged starting the first of the subsequent month.\
\
For yearly accounts created after November 23, 2011, you have the option of disabling auto-renewal and your account will terminate at the end of your annual term. Please note that all of your data will be deleted when your account is terminated. No pro-rated refunds will be issued for the time remaining in your annual subscription if you choose to disable auto-renewal. If you\'92d like to close your account prior to the end of your annual subscription term, please contact our support team.\
\
Overuse - All Paid Plans\
All paid Accounts are allowed to use storage space beyond the chosen plan's quota limit. This is designed to allow uninterrupted backups in case the usage exceeds the quota limit. However, for usage beyond the quota limit, there maybe an overuse charge at the rate of $0.25/GB/month for Personal plan and $0.50/GB/month for Business plans. While it is not necessary, we encourage users to upgrade to one of the higher storage plans if their usage exceeds the quota limit for their chosen plan to avoid the overuse charges. Upgrades may involve additional charges. Alternatively, an Archive Cleanup operation can be performed to potentially bring the Account under the quota limit. This will remove files that are no longer stored on the source computer from the Account.\
\
Free Accounts\
We reserve the right to terminate Free Accounts at any time, with or without notice. Without limiting the foregoing, if a Free Account is inactive for ninety (90) days, then we reserve the right to terminate the Free Account without providing additional notice. An inactive account is an account where no login has occurred either automatically or manually for a specified period of time.\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\qj

\f1 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\uc0\u8232 
\f0 17. RESERVATION OF RIGHTS.\'a0 PSC and its affiliates reserve all rights not expressly granted to you in this EULA.\

\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 \'a9 Pro Softnet Corporation\'a0} 802Y\	\8.1

\