{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1 \deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f48\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}Times New Roman (Printer);}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;
\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}{\s15\widctlpar
\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640\adjustright \fs20 \sbasedon0 \snext15 footer;}{\s16\widctlpar\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640\adjustright \fs20 \sbasedon0 \snext16 header;}{\s17\widctlpar\adjustright \f48\fs20 \sbasedon0 \snext17 endnote text;}}{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid-663064562\listsimple{\listlevel\levelnfc4\leveljc0\levelfollow0\levelstartat7\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fbias0 \fi-360\li720\jclisttab\tx720 }{\listname ;}\listid574247413}
{\list\listtemplateid67698703\listsimple{\listlevel\levelnfc0\leveljc0\levelfollow0\levelstartat4\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fbias0 \fi-360\li360\jclisttab\tx360 }{\listname ;}\listid1317950998}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid574247413\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid1317950998\listoverridecount0\ls2}}{\info{\title 28 bw oplan 32-1 basic plan}{\author Pre-installed User}{\operator Pre-installed User}
{\creatim\yr1998\mo10\dy15\hr14\min40}{\revtim\yr1999\mo4\dy15\hr3\min20}{\printim\yr1999\mo4\dy14\hr23\min55}{\version12}{\edmins41}{\nofpages4}{\nofwords975}{\nofchars5559}{\*\company Pre-installed Company}{\nofcharsws0}{\vern113}}
\margl1080\margr1080\margt720\margb720 \deftab360\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noextrasprl\prcolbl\cvmme\sprsspbf\brkfrm\swpbdr\hyphcaps0\fracwidth\viewkind1\viewscale100 \fet0\sectd \linex0\endnhere\sectdefaultcl {\header \pard\plain \s16\widctlpar
\tqr\tx5040\adjustright \fs20 {\tab \tab Headquarters, 28th Bomb Wing (ACC)
\par \tab \tab Ellsworth AFB, South Dakota 57706-5000
\par \tab \tab 15 Apr 1999
\par }}{\footer \pard\plain \s15\widctlpar\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640\adjustright \fs20 {\tab }{\field{\*\fldinst {PAGE}}{\fldrslt {\lang1024 4}}}{
\par }}{\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}
{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \qj\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20 {\fs22\ul 28 BW OPLAN 32-1}{\fs22 
\par BASIC PLAN 
\par 
\par REFERENCES:
\par 
\par AFI 32-4001\tab \tab \tab \tab BCE CRP OPlan 10-211
\par EAFBI 32-4001\tab \tab \tab \tab SRR Plan 55
\par AFI 32-4002\tab \tab \tab \tab USAF Disaster Casualty Control Plan
\par AFMAN 10-401\tab \tab \tab Memorandum of Understanding
\par AFI 35-105\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab N/A/SR 55-30
\par AFI 41-106\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab AFMAN 32-4004
\par AFI 32-2001\tab \tab \tab \tab EAFB OPLAN 30-1\tab \tab 
\par \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab EAFB OPLAN 32-2001, Fire Dept Management Plan
\par 
\par 1.  \tab }{\fs22\ul SITUATION:}{\fs22   \tab Ellsworth AFB is subject to enemy attack, emergencies, or disasters resulting from major accidents or natural disasters.  Refer to Annex A, B, and C for specific threats to this area.
\par 
\par 2.  \tab }{\fs22\ul PRIMARY FORCES:}{\fs22 
\par 
\par }\pard \qj\fi360\widctlpar\adjustright {\fs22 a.  \tab All forces assigned or attached to Ellsworth AFB.
\par }\pard \qj\widctlpar\adjustright {\fs22 
\par }\pard \qj\fi360\widctlpar\adjustright {\fs22 b. \tab Emergency services/civil defense offices of the city, county, state, and the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA); provides for the exchange of information and coordination with Ellsworth
 AFB during wartime attacks, major accidents, and natural disasters in their areas of jurisdiction.
\par }\pard \qj\widctlpar\adjustright {\fs22 
\par }\pard \qj\fi360\widctlpar\adjustright {\fs22 c.  \tab Fire Departments (city/county/state) provide mutual assistance IAW AFI 32-2001.
\par }\pard \qj\widctlpar\adjustright {\fs22 
\par }\pard \qj\fi360\widctlpar\adjustright {\fs22 d.  \tab Local and state law enforcement agencies:  Provide law enforcement activities in their area of jurisdiction.
\par }\pard \qj\widctlpar\adjustright {\fs22 
\par }\pard \qj\fi360\widctlpar\adjustright {\fs22 e. \tab Civil Air Patrol:  Air search and communication assistance.
\par }\pard \qj\widctlpar\adjustright {\fs22 
\par }\pard \qj\fi360\widctlpar\adjustright {\fs22 f.  \tab American Red Cross:  Renders aid to disaster victims.
\par }\pard \qj\widctlpar\adjustright {\fs22 
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\fs22 \hich\af0\dbch\af0\loch\f0 g.\tab}}\pard \qj\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pnlcltr\pnstart7\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}\ls1\adjustright {\fs22 Air Force Reserve
 and National Guard units.
\par }\pard \qj\widctlpar\adjustright {\fs22 
\par }\pard \qj\li360\widctlpar\adjustright {\fs22 h.  Family Readiness:  Peacetime/wartime emergencies.
\par }\pard \qj\widctlpar\adjustright {\fs22 
\par 3.  \tab }{\fs22\ul ASSUMPTIONS}{\fs22 :  \tab Ellsworth AFB is/may be subject to:
\par 
\par }\pard \qj\fi360\widctlpar\adjustright {\fs22 a.  \tab Attack by a variety of weapon systems with little or no warning.  The base may not be totally destroyed, but numbers of personnel and equipment may be reduced.
\par }\pard \qj\widctlpar\adjustright {\fs22 
\par }\pard \qj\fi360\widctlpar\adjustright {\fs22 b.  \tab Subversive acts, sabotage, terrorist activities, or other hostile clandestine operations.  As a result, a response may be necessary.
\par }\pard \qj\widctlpar\adjustright {\fs22 
\par }\pard \qj\fi360\widctlpar\adjustright {\fs22 c.  \tab Accidents involving aircraft, toxic chemicals/fuels, hazardous
 materials, alternate shuttle landing or other accidents resulting in property damage and mass casualties which would require a base response in the area of responsibility.
\par }\pard \qj\widctlpar\adjustright {\fs22 
\par }\pard \qj\fi360\widctlpar\adjustright {\fs22 d.  \tab Natural disasters in the local area which could affect local and military communities.  The most likely being floods and tornadoes.
\par }\pard \qj\widctlpar\adjustright {\fs22 \page 
\par }\pard \qj\fi360\widctlpar\adjustright {\fs22 e.  \tab Requests to support civil agencies in disaster relief operations as a result of civil defense emergencies.
\par }\pard \qj\widctlpar\adjustright {\fs22 
\par }\pard \qj\fi360\widctlpar\adjustright {\fs22 f.  \tab Electromagnetic pulse which could seriously degrade the communications and power production capabilities of the base.
\par }\pard \qj\widctlpar\adjustright {\fs22 
\par 
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\fs22\ul \hich\af0\dbch\af0\loch\f0 4.\tab}}\pard \qj\fi-360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx0{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec\pnstart4\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxta .}}\ls2\adjustright {\fs22\ul MISSION:}{\fs22 
  To provide for those measures and actions necessary to minimize loss of operational capability, resources, and personnel during an emergency disaster or enemy attack situation.  To restore essential base
 and unit functions, relieve suffering, care for survivors, and to assist stricken civil communities when it is considered necessary and the capability and resources exist.
\par }\pard \qj\widctlpar\adjustright {\fs22\ul 
\par }{\fs22 5.  \tab }{\fs22\ul EXECUTION}{\fs22 :
\par 
\par }\pard \qj\fi360\widctlpar\adjustright {\fs22 a.  \tab 
The On-Scene Disaster Control Group (OSDCG), Disaster Preparedness Support Team (DPST), Control Centers, and Decontamination (Decon) Teams are staffed, trained, and equipped as outlined in Ellsworth AFB Instruction 32-4001.
\par 
\par b.  \tab Procedures for effective, 
timely notification and response in actual/potential emergencies or enemy attacks must be established.  This plan outlines the procedures necessary to respond effectively to major accidents, natural disasters, or enemy attacks while maintaining or minimiz
ing the loss of the unit operational capability.
\par }\pard \qj\widctlpar\adjustright {\fs22 
\par }\pard \qj\fi360\widctlpar\adjustright {\fs22 c.  \tab Air Force personnel will not be used to enforce or execute civil law in violation of Title 18, United States Code, Section 1385, the Posse Comitatus Act, except otherwise provided by law.
\par }\pard \qj\widctlpar\adjustright {\fs22 
\par 6.  \tab }{\fs22\ul LOGISTICS AND ADMINISTRATION:}{\fs22 
\par 
\par }\pard \qj\fi360\widctlpar\adjustright {\fs22 a.  \tab Logistics:
\par }\pard \qj\widctlpar\adjustright {\fs22 
\par }\pard \qj\fi360\li360\widctlpar\adjustright {\fs22 (1) \tab Tasked agencies are responsible for funding, obtaining, and maintaining equipment and supplies
\par }\pard \qj\widctlpar\adjustright {\fs22 necessary to accomplish plan taskings.
\par 
\par }\pard \qj\fi360\li360\widctlpar\adjustright {\fs22 (2) \tab Agencies providing assistance in support of a civil response must account for all supplies, materials,
\par }\pard \qj\widctlpar\adjustright {\fs22 and services for which the Air Force can be reimbursed.  A listing of all expended materials and supplies will be provided to the 28 CPTS/FM upon termination of the response.
\par 
\par }\pard \qj\fi360\li360\widctlpar\adjustright {\fs22 (3) \tab All necessary assets which may be available under applicable laws and regulations will be made
\par }\pard \qj\widctlpar\adjustright {\fs22 available and used to support local disaster operations.  Withhold only those resources required to execute the primary military mission.  The magnitude of the disaster will determine actual support requirements.

\par 
\par }\pard \qj\fi360\widctlpar\adjustright {\fs22 b. \tab 
Administration:  Commanders and staff agency chiefs must ensure checklists are developed to support this plan.  OSDCG members, unit control centers, specialized teams, and other specifically tasked agencies must have checklists to support the
ir actions.  All checklists must be coordinated with the 28 CES/CEX prior to implementation.
\par }\pard \qj\widctlpar\adjustright {\fs22 \page 
\par 7.  \tab }{\fs22\ul COMMAND AND COMMUNICATIONS:}{\fs22 
\par 
\par }\pard \qj\fi360\widctlpar\adjustright {\fs22 a.  \tab Command.
\par }\pard \qj\widctlpar\adjustright {\fs22 
\par }\pard \qj\fi360\li360\widctlpar\adjustright {\fs22 (1)  Execution authority:
\par }\pard \qj\widctlpar\adjustright {\fs22 
\par }\pard \qj\fi360\li720\widctlpar\adjustright {\fs22 (a)  COM/ACC/CS
\par }\pard \qj\widctlpar\adjustright {\fs22 
\par }\pard \qj\fi360\li720\widctlpar\adjustright {\fs22 (b)  8 AF/CC/CV
\par }\pard \qj\widctlpar\adjustright {\fs22 
\par }\pard \qj\fi360\li720\widctlpar\adjustright {\fs22 (c)  28 BW/CC/CV
\par }\pard \qj\widctlpar\adjustright {\fs22 
\par }\pard \qj\fi360\li720\widctlpar\adjustright {\fs22 (d)  Automatic, anytime response criteria are met.
\par }\pard \qj\widctlpar\adjustright {\fs22 
\par }\pard \qj\fi360\li360\widctlpar\adjustright {\fs22 (2)  The On-Scene Commander (OSC) will exercise command authority of all on-scene military
\par }\pard \qj\widctlpar\adjustright {\fs22 resources.
\par 
\par }\pard \qj\fi360\li360\widctlpar\adjustright {\fs22 (3) Unit control centers will activate and assume responsibility for directing/controlling unit actions i.e.,
\par }\pard \qj\widctlpar\adjustright {\fs22 recalling, alerting, assembling, and dispatching personnel and equipment of their unit.
\par 
\par }\pard \qj\fi360\widctlpar\adjustright {\fs22 b.  \tab Communication:
\par }\pard \qj\widctlpar\adjustright {\fs22 
\par }\pard \qj\fi360\li360\widctlpar\adjustright {\fs22 (1)  Alert  warning signal:
\par }\pard \qj\widctlpar\adjustright {\fs22 
\par }\pard \qj\fi360\li720\widctlpar\adjustright {\fs22 (a)  Attack Warning:  Three- to five-minute wavering tone on base sirens, whelen, or series of
\par }\pard \qj\widctlpar\adjustright {\fs22 short blasts from sirens, horns, whistles, or other similar devices.
\par 
\par }\pard \qj\fi360\li720\widctlpar\adjustright {\fs22 (b)  Peacetime Emergency Warning:  Three- to five-minute steady tone on base sirens, giant voice, or
\par }\pard \qj\widctlpar\adjustright {\fs22 long steady blasts of horns, whistles, or other similar devices.
\par 
\par }\pard \qj\fi360\li720\widctlpar\adjustright {\fs22 (c)  Hazardous Material Warning:  See COMMUNICATION (7b)
\par }\pard \qj\widctlpar\adjustright {\fs22 
\par }\pard \qj\fi360\li360\widctlpar\adjustright {\fs22 (2)  Communication systems for disaster operations:
\par }\pard \qj\widctlpar\adjustright {\fs22 
\par }\pard \qj\fi360\li720\widctlpar\adjustright {\fs22 (a)  Primary Crash Net:  Initial notification of aircraft and airfield related situations.
\par }\pard \qj\widctlpar\adjustright {\fs22 
\par }\pard \qj\fi360\li720\widctlpar\adjustright {\fs22 (b)  Secondary Crash or Disaster Nets:  Secondary notification of aircraft/airfield related situations,
\par }\pard \qj\widctlpar\adjustright {\fs22 follow-on notifications, and situation updates of all situations.
\par 
\par }\pard \qj\fi360\li720\widctlpar\adjustright {\fs22 (c)  Base telephone system.
\par }\pard \qj\widctlpar\adjustright {\fs22 
\par }\pard \qj\fi360\li720\widctlpar\adjustright {\fs22 (d)  Intra-base radio systems:  The commanders' and disaster preparedness nets will be the primary
\par }\pard \qj\widctlpar\adjustright {\fs22 nets used by the OSC during a major accident or natural disaster.
\par 
\par }\pard \qj\fi360\li720\widctlpar\adjustright {\fs22 (e) \tab Long-range communications:  The Wing Operations Center (Command Post) has long-range HF
\par }\pard \qj\widctlpar\adjustright {\fs22 capability.
\par 
\par }\pard \qj\fi360\li720\widctlpar\adjustright {\fs22 (f)  Runners:  To be used during communications outages as a result of a disaster.
\par }\pard \qj\widctlpar\adjustright {\fs22 
\par \tab \tab 
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard \qj\fi360\li720\widctlpar\adjustright {\fs22 (g)  Cable television:  28 CS Visual Information Center/Switchboard and 28 BW/CP will announce emergency messages over the cable television system when directed by the 28 BW/CC/CV or 28 SPTG/CC/CD.

\par }\pard \qj\widctlpar\adjustright {\fs22 
\par }\pard \qj\fi360\li720\widctlpar\adjustright {\fs22 (h)  Commercial phones and cellular phones.
\par }\pard \qj\widctlpar\adjustright {\fs22 
\par 
\par 
\par \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab //  SIGNED  //
\par }\pard \qj\li5040\widctlpar\adjustright {\fs22 FREDERICK R. STRAIN, Colonel, USAF
\par Commander, 28th Support Group
\par }\pard \qj\widctlpar\adjustright {\fs22 
\par ANNEXES:
\par 
\par A - Major Peacetime Accidents
\par B - Natural Disasters
\par C - Enemy Attack
\par Z - Distribution
\par 
\par OFFICIAL:
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab 
\par \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab //  SIGNED  //
\par }\pard \qj\fi360\li4680\widctlpar\adjustright {\fs22 ANTHONY F. PRZYBYSLAWSKI, Colonel, USAF
\par }\pard \fi360\li4680\widctlpar\adjustright {\fs22 Commander, 28th Bomb Wing
\par }}  aþ-ldeeBr6
i2+b