{\rtf1\adeflang1025\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\adeff0\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f1\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}
{\f36\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Tahoma;}{\f38\froman\fcharset0\fprq0{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}EGEDEH+TimesNewRoman{\*\falt Times New Roman};}{\f39\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\f40\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f42\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f43\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f44\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\f45\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f46\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f47\froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\f49\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}
{\f50\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}{\f52\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f53\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f54\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}{\f55\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}
{\f56\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}{\f57\fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Arial (Vietnamese);}{\f399\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Tahoma CE;}{\f400\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Tahoma Cyr;}{\f402\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Tahoma Greek;}
{\f403\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Tahoma Tur;}{\f404\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Tahoma (Hebrew);}{\f405\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Tahoma (Arabic);}{\f406\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Tahoma Baltic;}
{\f407\fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Tahoma (Vietnamese);}{\f408\fswiss\fcharset222\fprq2 Tahoma (Thai);}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 \styrsid16453790 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden 
Default Paragraph Font;}{\*\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tblind0\tblindtype3\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\cgrid\langnp1024\langfenp1024 \snext11 \ssemihidden Normal Table;}{\*\cs15 \additive \rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 
\ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\cf0 \sbasedon10 \ssemihidden \spersonal \styrsid16453790 EmailStyle15;}{\s16\ql \li0\ri0\sa240\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 
\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext16 \styrsid16453790 Body Text;}{\*\cs17 \additive \rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \ul\cf2 \sbasedon10 \styrsid4940973 Hyperlink;}{
\s18\ql \li360\ri0\sa120\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin360\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext18 \styrsid13587471 
Body Text Indent;}{\s19\ql \li458\ri0\sl255\slmult0\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin458\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext19 \styrsid13587471 TxBr_p3;}{
\s20\ql \fi-340\li1559\ri0\sl255\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tx1218\tx1559\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin1559\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext20 \styrsid13587471 TxBr_p4;}{\*
\cs21 \additive \rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \b \sbasedon10 \styrsid13587471 Strong;}{\s22\ql \fi-266\li1604\ri0\sl249\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tx1337\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin1604\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 
\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext22 \styrsid1005160 TxBr_p13;}}{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax156\lsdlockeddef0}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid1005160\rsid1401771\rsid1646922\rsid2114265\rsid2387517\rsid3283122\rsid3560348\rsid4391203
\rsid4681031\rsid4924323\rsid4940973\rsid5324453\rsid5858181\rsid9195033\rsid9662414\rsid10369982\rsid11286401\rsid11885133\rsid13587471\rsid16453790}{\*\generator Microsoft Word 11.0.8026;}{\info{\title Non-Toxic Cleaning Products}{\author USCAJG}
{\keywords Chemical, chemicals, natural, petroleum, naturally occuring, biological, guidelines, life cycle costs}{\operator Stapleton, Mike}{\creatim\yr2006\mo7\dy27\hr15\min45}{\revtim\yr2006\mo7\dy28\hr14}{\version4}{\edmins1}{\nofpages3}{\nofwords1435}
{\nofchars8083}{\*\company New York State}{\nofcharsws9455}{\vern24609}{\*\password 00000000}}{\*\xmlnstbl {\xmlns1 urn:schemas-microsoft-com:office:smarttags}}\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\gutter0\ltrsect 
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\formshade\horzdoc\dgmargin\dghspace180\dgvspace180\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow1\dgvshow1
\jexpand\viewkind4\viewscale100\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\splytwnine\ftnlytwnine\htmautsp\nolnhtadjtbl\useltbaln\alntblind\lytcalctblwd\lyttblrtgr\lnbrkrule\nobrkwrptbl\snaptogridincell\allowfieldendsel\wrppunct
\asianbrkrule\rsidroot16453790\newtblstyruls\nogrowautofit\viewbksp1 \fet0{\*\wgrffmtfilter 013f}\ilfomacatclnup0\ltrpar \sectd \ltrsect\linex0\endnhere\sectlinegrid360\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}
{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}
{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9
\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid16453790 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 
\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\ul\insrsid16453790\charrsid11885133 Category #}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\ul\insrsid16453790 3:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\b\ul\insrsid16453790\charrsid11885133 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\insrsid16453790\charrsid2114265  The Guidelines should require the use of non-toxic (bio-based) cleaning products.
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\insrsid2114265 (}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\insrsid16453790\charrsid2114265 OGS prefers to use the terms \'93natural\'94 or \'93naturally occurring\'94
 instead of bio-based.  There are several different generally accepted definitions in the cleaning community for "bio-based" products and the incorporation of the word could lead to misinterpretation of what the product actually contains.\~
\par   For example, the Environmental Choice line of products that we are using originates in {\*\xmlopen\xmlns1{\factoidname country-region}}Canada{\*\xmlclose} and their use of the word "bio-based" includes enzymes whereas the 
{\*\xmlopen\xmlns1{\factoidname place}}{\*\xmlopen\xmlns1{\factoidname country-region}}U.S.{\*\xmlclose}{\*\xmlclose} version and the environmental groups mean more organic (which is also vague).\~
 So to avoid confusion to the readers and schools we are going to be consistent with our terminology of Green Seal and Environmental Choice to describe the cleaning products}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\insrsid2114265 )}{\rtlch\fcs1 
\af0\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\insrsid16453790\charrsid2114265 .\~ 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\insrsid16453790     }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\insrsid13587471 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\ul\insrsid16453790\charrsid11885133 State Response:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid16453790\charrsid11885133   }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid16453790 
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid3560348 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\insrsid3560348\charrsid4391203 
The chemical or toxicological properties of chemicals and their mixtures are not necessarily determined by whether they come from "natural" (i.e. plant) sources or other sources such as petroleum.  Furthermore, many of the components of a cl
eaning product (i.e. surfactants, solvents, fragrances) can come from either a biological (usually plants) or petroleum source.  Manufacturers can purchase product }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\insrsid3560348\charrsid3283122 
ingredients from either source, and may
 choose one over the other based on factors such as price and availability.  Thus, manufacturers might alternate between natural or naturally occurring and petroleum-based sources for product constituents, making it difficult to classify whether products 
a
re natural or naturally occurring or petroleum-derived.  As an example of non-toxic properties of natural or naturally occurring products, note two types of self-defined naturally derived cleaning products in the market, citrus-based (from orange or lemon
 peels) and soy-based.  The citrus-based products contain}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\insrsid3560348\charrsid4391203 
 terpenes (e.g. d-limonene) that, on contact with air, are oxidized to form a sensitizing chemical that can affect human health.  Soy products can contain endocrine disruptors (e.g. phytoestrogens), b
ut they are not currently tested for the presence of these chemicals or this property.  
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\insrsid3560348 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\insrsid3560348\charrsid4391203 Most of the Green Seal criteria are based on toxicological properties, i.e. the ability of products or their constituents to cause health effects.  A consensus scient
ific process is used to determine whether the products or their constituents being considered have the ability to adversely affect health.  There is no evidence that naturally derived products are less likely to affect the health of building occupants tha
n other approved products.  
\par 
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid5858181 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\insrsid3560348 OGS }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\insrsid3560348\charrsid4391203 
is unaware of any independent group that has explained how one would define and certify that a cleaning product is }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\insrsid3560348\charrsid10369982 natural or naturally occurring}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20 
\ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\insrsid3560348\charrsid4391203 .  The U.S. Department of Agriculture }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\insrsid3560348 (USDA) }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\insrsid3560348\charrsid4391203 
and the U.S. EPA are working on d
efining naturally derived products for a number of product classes, but have not addressed cleaning products yet.  The USDA is establishing guidelines for designating items made from naturally derived products that will be afforded Federal procurement pre
f
erence, as required under section 9002 of the Farm Security and Rural Investment Act (FSRIA) of 2002.  The advantages of this program rely on the USDA surveying the marketplace to determine item designation for inclusion on a preferred naturally derived l
ist.  The final rule directs Federal agencies to request a quantitative analysis comparison verifying the life cycle costs, environmental and health benefits, performance testing, and percentage of naturally based components}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20 
\ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\insrsid3560348\charrsid9195033 .  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\insrsid5858181\charrsid9662414 When general purpose cleaning 
items are posted on the USDA's website, OGS will consider identifying the cleaning products that are on the sample list that have also been certified by USDA and posting that information on the list as products containing naturally occurring components pe
r USDA\rquote s definition.
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid3560348 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\insrsid3560348\charrsid9195033 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\insrsid3560348\charrsid4391203 
In order for an item to be designated for inclusion on the preferred naturally derived list, USDA will take into account product availability and technological and economic feasibility, including life cycle costs. USDA will consider a 
number of factors, including, but not limited to, the cost competitiveness of an item, whether performance of the products within an item meet Federal requirements, availability of products within an item, interest by manufacturers in the preferred procur
ement program, and potential Federal demand for the product.  USDA is also required to provide information for Federal agencies use on availability, price, performance, and environmental and public health benefits.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 
\fs20\insrsid4681031 
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid4681031 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\ul\insrsid3560348 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\ul\insrsid16453790 Frequently Asked Pu}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\ul\insrsid16453790\charrsid11885133 blic }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\ul\insrsid16453790 C}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\b\ul\insrsid16453790\charrsid11885133 omment:
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid16453790 
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid2114265 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\insrsid2114265\charrsid2114265 --}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 
\fs20\insrsid2114265\charrsid2114265 I believe the response from the Soap and Detergent Association spokesman Brian Sansoni was\~
lacking - he's puzzled that people want potentially harmful chemicals removed from children's classrooms - and even questions "what people are looking for\~?"\~I think people, especially students and staff, are looking\~for\~all toxic chemicals\~to be\~
removed from our schools!}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\insrsid2114265   }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\insrsid2114265\charrsid2114265 
There are many environmentally safe and effective cleaners - that are chem-free and made from all-natural ingredients that would be much more suitable for NY States schools - please consider mandating a list of these acceptable cleaning }{\rtlch\fcs1 
\af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\insrsid2387517\charrsid2114265 agents!}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\insrsid2114265\charrsid2114265 
\par }\pard\plain \ltrpar\s18\ql \li0\ri0\sa120\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid2114265 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 
\af0\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\insrsid2114265\charrsid2114265 (Richard Peters, 7th Grade Teacher, {\*\xmlopen\xmlns1{\factoidname PlaceName}}Lynch{\*\xmlclose} {\*\xmlopen\xmlns1{\factoidname PlaceType}}Middle School{\*\xmlclose}, 
{\*\xmlopen\xmlns1{\factoidname place}}{\*\xmlopen\xmlns1{\factoidname City}}Amsterdam{\*\xmlclose}, {\*\xmlopen\xmlns1{\factoidname State}}NY{\*\xmlclose}{\*\xmlclose})
\par }\pard\plain \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid4940973 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 
\ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\insrsid4940973\charrsid4940973 --EAU Technologies, Inc. (}{\field\fldedit{\*\fldinst {\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\insrsid4940973\charrsid4940973  HYPERLINK "http://www.eau-x.com/" }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 
\fs20\insrsid5324453\charrsid4924323 {\*\datafield 00d0c9ea79f9bace118c8200aa004ba90b0200000003000000e0c9ea79f9bace118c8200aa004ba90b2c00000068007400740070003a002f002f007700770077002e006500610075002d0078002e0063006f006d002f00000000}}}{\fldrslt {
\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \cs17\fs20\ul\cf2\insrsid4940973\charrsid4940973 www.eau-x.com}}}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\insrsid4940973\charrsid4940973 
) is a company in the business of making and marketing non-toxic Electrolyzed Oxidated fluids created by our generators. These generators are being tested and used by companies like {\*\xmlopen\xmlns1{\factoidname place}}{\*\xmlopen\xmlns1{\factoidname 
City}}Murray{\*\xmlclose}{\*\xmlclose}\rquote s Chicken, Tyson Foods and Whole Foods Market. \~
While there are quite a few companies out there starting to break through the noise barrier in this field, I believe that EAU has a head start on all of them. What differentiates EAU is that we have machines 
that can create as little as 19 gal/hr to 50k gal/hr. \~
And with one machine we create two very distinct fluids. One is a very effective disinfectant. In studies comparing our Primacide A and Chlorox Bleach, Primacide A was 80 times more effective and yet y
ou could drink it. At the levels we use it, it is completely non-toxic to humans or animals. On the other side at the same time an alkaline solution is made. This solution replaces the need for soaps, surfactants or phosphate based solution. \~
We use this everyday in a new revolutionary carpet and surface cleaning technology (}{\field\fldedit{\*\fldinst {\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\insrsid4940973\charrsid4940973  HYPERLINK "http://www.myzerorez.com/" }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 
\ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\insrsid5324453\charrsid4924323 {\*\datafield 
00d0c9ea79f9bace118c8200aa004ba90b0200000003000000e0c9ea79f9bace118c8200aa004ba90b3400000068007400740070003a002f002f007700770077002e006d0079007a00650072006f00720065007a002e0063006f006d002f00000000}}}{\fldrslt {\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 
\cs17\fs20\ul\cf2\insrsid4940973\charrsid4940973 www.myzerorez.com}}}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\insrsid4940973\charrsid4940973 ). This is all done with one small machine.
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af36\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\insrsid4940973\charrsid4940973 (Joe Stapley, Vice President Investor Relations, EAU Technologies, Inc.) }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\insrsid4940973\charrsid4940973 
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid13587471 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs22 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\fs22\insrsid13587471 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\insrsid13587471\charrsid13587471 --The OGS/Green Seal guidelines do not stipulate the use of natural or naturally derived ingredients, and allow for petroleum derived ingredients. 
\par (}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\cf1\insrsid13587471\charrsid13587471 Deirdre Imus, Founder and President, The Deirdre Imus Environmental Center for Pediatric Oncology, Hackensack Univ
ersity Medical Center, The David Joseph Jurist Research Center For Tomorrows Children, Hackensack, NJ 07601)
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\insrsid4940973 
\par }\pard\plain \ltrpar\s20\ql \li0\ri0\sl-255\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tx1559\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid13587471 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20 
\ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\insrsid13587471\charrsid13587471 --}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\insrsid13587471\charrsid13587471 With reference to product
s used daily for general cleaning purposes to which children and staff have the most frequent exposure, we advocate the recommendation (or at least, the delineation) of }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\ul\insrsid13587471\charrsid13587471 
third party}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\insrsid13587471\charrsid13587471  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\ul\insrsid13587471\charrsid13587471 certified,}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\insrsid13587471\charrsid13587471  }
{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\ul\insrsid13587471\charrsid13587471 bio-based products without added fragrance
\par }\pard\plain \ltrpar\s19\ql \li0\ri0\sl-255\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tx844\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid13587471 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 
\ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\insrsid13587471\charrsid13587471 (Janet Foley, Director, Occupational Safety and Health, Civil Service Employees Association, CSEA)
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid13587471 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 
\ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\insrsid13587471\charrsid13587471 --Why not base efforts on Bio-Based products that are available and not dependant on Personal Exposure Levels (PEL) at all? We have used such a protocol for the past three years
 successfully. Our cleaning program is effective, fiscally prudent, and exceeds the standards being discussed.  (David E. Kincaid, {\*\xmlopen\xmlns1{\factoidname place}}{\*\xmlopen\xmlns1{\factoidname PlaceName}}Great{\*\xmlclose} 
{\*\xmlopen\xmlns1{\factoidname PlaceName}}Neck{\*\xmlclose} {\*\xmlopen\xmlns1{\factoidname PlaceType}}School District{\*\xmlclose}{\*\xmlclose})
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\insrsid13587471\charrsid13587471 --(1) }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\cf1\insrsid13587471\charrsid13587471 Although the recent legislation that has been passed to ob
serve "green cleaning" is a step in the right direction, we feel that purchasing cleaning products for the schools in New York State should have the non-toxic ingredients which can be found in\'94}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 
\cs21\fs20\ul\cf1\insrsid13587471\charrsid13587471 bio-based products\'94}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \cs21\fs20\cf1\insrsid13587471\charrsid13587471 .}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\cf1\insrsid13587471\charrsid13587471 
 School districts such as Great Neck, {\*\xmlopen\xmlns1{\factoidname place}}Long Island{\*\xmlclose} are maintaining clean schools while the students are not being placed at risk for chronic diseases\~such as asthma, and cancer.\~
(2) National researchers, whom we have been working with, all highly suspect that toxic childhood exposures, at low d
oses, during the ages of 6-11 years old may place girls at risk of getting breast cancer in their adult years. This age period is a unique time period since breast cells are proliferating at a fast pace and are sensitive to toxic exposures. (3) Since 
{\*\xmlopen\xmlns1{\factoidname place}}{\*\xmlopen\xmlns1{\factoidname PlaceName}}New York{\*\xmlclose} {\*\xmlopen\xmlns1{\factoidname PlaceType}}State{\*\xmlclose}{\*\xmlclose}
 especially has a high rate of breast cancer, we need to do all that we can to reduce the risk where we can. Certainly, since\~precedents have been set in several school districts which have shown that bio-based products are 
effective, yet safer for children, we need to make clear in this \'93}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \cs21\fs20\ul\cf1\insrsid13587471\charrsid13587471 green cleaning legislation that only bio-based products be purchased.\'94}{\rtlch\fcs1 
\ab\af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \cs21\fs20\cf1\insrsid13587471\charrsid13587471   
\par (}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\cf1\insrsid13587471\charrsid13587471 Laura Weinberg, President, Great Neck Breast Cancer Coalition)
\par 
\par --}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\insrsid13587471\charrsid13587471 I am strongly in favor of using Bio Based products and NOT using Green-Seal toxic products in our schools.\~ Children need the most protection we can give them!!!  
\par (Jill P. Madenberg, {\*\xmlopen\xmlns1{\factoidname place}}{\*\xmlopen\xmlns1{\factoidname City}}Lake Success{\*\xmlclose}, {\*\xmlopen\xmlns1{\factoidname State}}NY{\*\xmlclose}{\*\xmlclose}) 
\par }\pard\plain \ltrpar\s18\ql \li0\ri0\sa120\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid13587471 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 
\af0\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\insrsid13587471\charrsid13587471 
\par }\pard\plain \ltrpar\s22\ql \li0\ri0\sl-249\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tx1604\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid1005160 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af38\afs20 
\ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\insrsid1005160\charrsid1005160 --(1) }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\insrsid1005160\charrsid1005160 Include Manufacturers that have 
both Green Seal Certified Products and Certified Bio Based Content products (3rd party Certification as directed by the United States Department of Agriculture); (2) Include all authorized New York State Distributors for said Manufacturers that }{
\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\insrsid1005160\charrsid1005160 are }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\insrsid1005160\charrsid1005160 registered with the State.
\par }\pard\plain \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid1005160 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 
\ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\insrsid1005160\charrsid1005160 (R.E. \'93Skip\'94 Seal, Northeast Division Manager, Spartan Chemical Company, Inc.)
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\insrsid13587471\charrsid1005160 
\par }} 2eq92