{\rtf1\ansi\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f1\fswiss\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}{\f2\fswiss\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0606020202030204}Arial Narrow;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}{\stylesheet{\fs24 \snext0 Normal;}} \pard\plain \margl1440\margr1440 {\footer \pard\plain \tqr\tx9360 \fs20 {\tab Page }{\field{\*\fldinst PAGE}{\fldrslt 1}}{\par }}\ltrpar \sectd \ltrsect\psz1\linex2949\headery864\endnhere\titlepg\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj\sftnrestart {\headerr \ltrpar \pard\plain \ltrpar\qr Vita for Chad G. Marzen, J.D.\par }{\headerf \ltrpar \pard\plain \ltrpar\qr \par }{\pard \qc\keepn {\b\fs28 Curriculum Vitae}\par }{\fs8 \pard \keepn \par }{\pard \qc\keepn {\b\fs28 Chad G. Marzen, J.D.}\par }{\fs8 \pard \keepn \par }{\pard \qc\keepn June 01, 2016\par }{\fs8 \pard \keepn \par }\pard \keepn \par {\pard \qc\keepn {\b General Information}\par }\pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-2160\li2160\tx2160 University address:\tab Risk Management and Insurance\line College of Business\line Rovetta - Building A 0521\line Florida State University\line Tallahassee, Florida 32306-1110\line Phone: (850) 644-8233; Fax: (850) 644-4077\line \par \pard \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-2160\li2160\tx2160 E-mail address:\tab cmarzen@fsu.edu\par \pard \pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-2160\li2160\tx2160 Web site:\tab {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "http://business.fsu.edu"}{\fldrslt http://business.fsu.edu}}\par \pard \pard \keepn \par \pard \par \pard \keepn {\b Professional Preparation}\par \pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-1800\li1800\tx1800 2008\tab J.D., Saint Louis University School of Law, Saint Louis, MO. Major: Law. International and Comparative Law (Certificate). \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-1800\li1800\tx1800 2005\tab B.A., Grinnell College, Grinnell, IA. Major: Political Science/History. with honors (Political Science). \par \pard \pard \par \pard \par \pard \keepn {\b Professional Credential(s)}\par \pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-1800\li1800\tx1800 2015\u8211?present\tab Member, United States District Court for the District of North Dakota. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-1800\li1800\tx1800 2015\u8211?present\tab Member, United States District Court for the Northern District of Iowa. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-1800\li1800\tx1800 2011\u8211?present\tab Member, United States District Court for the Northern District of Florida. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-1800\li1800\tx1800 2009\u8211?present\tab Member, State Bar of Nebraska. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-1800\li1800\tx1800 2009\u8211?present\tab Member, United States Court of Appeals for the Armed Forces. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-1800\li1800\tx1800 2009\u8211?present\tab Member, United States District Court for the District of Nebraska. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-1800\li1800\tx1800 2009\u8211?present\tab Member, United States District Court for the Southern District of Iowa. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-1800\li1800\tx1800 2008\u8211?present\tab Member, State Bar of Iowa. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \par \pard \keepn {\b Professional Experience}\par \pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-1800\li1800\tx1800 2011\u8211?present\tab Assistant Professor of Legal Studies in Business, Department of Risk Management and Insurance, Real Estate and Legal Studies, Florida State University. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-1800\li1800\tx1800 2010\u8211?2011\tab Adjunct Lecturer, Department of Political Science and International Relations, Creighton University, Omaha, NE. International Law.\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-1800\li1800\tx1800 2008\u8211?2011\tab Associate Attorney, Engles, Ketcham, Olson, & Keith, P.C.Omaha, NE. Practiced primarily in insurance law and insurance defense litigation. Represented clients at court motions (including dispositive motions), wrote court motions and briefs in state and federal court, drafted discovery, responses to discovery requests, and letters to clients providing legal analysis and evaluation of cases. Worked on cases involving insurance coverage, insurance agent/broker liability, professional liability, products liability, negligent hiring, premises liability and UM/UIM claims.\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-1800\li1800\tx1800 2007\u8211?2008\tab Law Clerk, The Simon Law Firm, Saint Louis, MO. Drafted motions and briefs, interviewed clients, and performed legal research for two class action attorneys.\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-1800\li1800\tx1800 2003\tab Intern, Congressional Hispanic Caucus Institute Summer Internship Program. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \par \pard \keepn {\b Honors, Awards, and Prizes}\par \pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\fi-720\li720 Honorable Mention in Online Course Design, Florida State University Office of Distance Learning (2015). ($500). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Nominee, Florida State University Undergraduate Teaching Award, Florida State University, Office of the Provost (2015). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Ralph J. Bunche Award for Oustanding International Business Law Paper, Academy of Legal Studies in Business (2014). ($250). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Distinguished Scholar Award, Seabee Memorial Scholarship Association (2013). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Charles E. Payne Scholarship, Grinnell College Department of History (2004). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Maria Okey Prize, Grinnell College Department of History (2004). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Mortar Board Honor Society, Grinnell College (2004). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 American Citizenship Award, Iowa State Bar Association (2001). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Bernie Saggau Award, Iowa High School Athletic Association (2001). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 SVA Robert C. Elrod 9th NCB Scholarship, Seabee Memorial Scholarship Association (2001). \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Iowa State Spelling Bee Champion (1997). \par \pard \pard \par \pard \par \pard \keepn {\b Current Membership in Professional Organizations}\par \pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\fi-720\li720 Academy of Legal Studies in Business \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Florida Farm Bureau Federation \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Hispanic National Bar Association \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Iowa State Bar Association \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Nebraska State Bar Association \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Section Council on International Law, Iowa State Bar Association \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn \par {\pard \qc\keepn {\b Teaching}\par }\pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn {\b Courses Taught}\par \pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\fi-720\li720 Legal and Political Aspects of Insurance (RMI 4420)\par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 The Legal and Ethical Environment of Business (Online) (BUL 3310)\par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 The Legal and Ethical Environment of Business (BUL 3310)\par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Law for Accountancy (BUL 3330)\par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 International Law (Creighton University) (PLS 537)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \par \pard \keepn {\b New Course Development}\par \pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\fi-720\li720 The Legal and Ethical Environment of Business (Online) (2015)\par \pard \pard \keepn\fi-720\li720 Legal and Political Aspects of Insurance (2013)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \par \pard \keepn {\b Bachelor's Committee Member}\par \pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\fi-720\li720 Clark, V., student. {\i An Investigation Into the Representational Role of Gender in State Legislatures}.  [Honors in Political Science Major Committee, Outside Committee Member]\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn \par {\pard \qc\keepn {\b Research and Original Creative Work}\par }\pard \keepn \par {\pard \qc\keepn {\b Publications}\par }\pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn {\b Refereed Journal Articles}\par \pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Bisco, J., & Marzen, C. (in press). Banking Without Guarantees? Public Policy Considerations Concerning Insurance Company Retained Asset Accounts. {\i University of Baltimore Law Review (University of Baltimore School of Law)}, 74 pages.\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Marzen, C. (in press). Bankruptcy and Federal Crop Insurance. {\i Virginia Environmental Law Journal (University of Virginia School of Law)}, 26 pages.\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Marzen, C., & Woodyard, W. (in press). Catholic Social Teaching, the Right to Immigrate, and the Right to Regulate Borders: A Proposed Solution for Comprehensive Immigration Reform Based Upon Catholic Social Principles. {\i San Diego Law Review (University of San Diego School of Law)}, 54 pages.\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Wells, B., & Marzen, C. (2016). Getting SLAPPed: A Small Business Risk in the 21st Century. {\i Small Business Institute Journal}, {\i 12 (1)}, 28-46.\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Aalberts, R., Marzen, C., & Prum, D. (2015). Studying is Dangerous? Possible Federal Remedies for Study Abroad Liability. {\i Journal of College and University Law (Notre Dame Law School)}, {\i 41 (2)}, 189-236.\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Marzen, C. (2015). The Personal Liability of Insurance Claims Adjusters for Insurance Bad Faith. {\i West Virginia Law Review (West Virginia University College of Law)}, {\i 118 (1)}, 411-438.\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Marzen, C., & Ballard, G. (2015). Climate Change and Federal Crop Insurance. {\i Boston College Environmental Affairs Law Review (Boston College Law School)}, {\i 43 (2)}, 387-410.\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Marzen, C. (2014). Law, Popular Legal Culture, and the Case of Kansas, 1854-1856. {\i Wyoming Law Review (University of Wyoming College of Law)}, {\i 14 (1)}, 189-209.\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Marzen, C. (2014). Public Policy Considerations Concerning Insurance Bad Faith and Residual Market Mechanisms. {\i Baylor Law Review (Baylor Law School)}, {\i 66 (2)}, 388-424.\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Prum, D., & Marzen, C. (2014). Set Up for Abduction and Extortion by the IRS: Does the Reporting of Interest Paid on U.S. Bank Deposits Undermine the Government's Obligation to Avoid Instigating Terrorism by Foreign Criminal Gangs and Drug Cartels? {\i Texas Hispanic Journal of Law & Policy (University of Texas School of Law)}, {\i 20(1)}, 1-46.\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Cole, C., & Marzen, C. (2013). A Review of State Sovereign Immunity Statutes and the Management of Liability Risks by States. {\i Journal of Insurance Regulation}, {\i 32}, 45-82.\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Marzen, C. (2013). Crop Insurance Bad Faith: Protection for America's Farmers. {\i Creighton Law Review (Creighton University School of Law)}, {\i 46 (4)}, 619-652.\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Marzen, C. (2013). Crop Insurance Fraud and Misrepresentations: Contemporary Issues and Possible Remedies. {\i William & Mary Environmental Law and Policy Review (William and Mary Law School)}, {\i 37(3)}, 675-707.\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Marzen, C. (2013). Hispanics in the Heartland: The Fremont, Nebraska Immigration Ordinance and the Future of Latino Civil Rights. {\i Harvard Journal on Racial and Ethnic Justice (Harvard Law School)}, {\i 29}, 69-93.\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Marzen, C. (2013). The Merrill Doctrine and Federally Reinsured Crop Insurers. {\i North Dakota Law Review (University of North Dakota School of Law)}, {\i 89 (4)}, 585-610.\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Marzen, C. (2012). Can (and Should) an Insurance Defense Attorney Be Held Liable for Insurance Bad Faith? {\i Virginia Law and Business Review (University of Virginia School of Law)}, {\i 7(1)}, 97-124.\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Marzen, C. (2012). The Legacy of Rux v. Republic of Sudan and the Future of the Judicial War on Terror. {\i Cardozo Public Law, Policy and Ethics Journal (Benjamin N. Cardozo School of Law, Yeshiva University)}, {\i 10(3)}, 435-468.\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Woodyard, W., & Marzen, C. (2012). Is Greed Good? A Catholic Perspective on Modern Usury. {\i Brigham Young University Journal of Public Law (J. Reuben Clark Law School at Brigham Young University)}, {\i 27(1)}, 185-227.\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Marzen, C. (2011). OCIPs in the Future of the Insurance Industry: Legal and Regulatory Considerations. {\i University of Miami Business Law Review (University of Miami School of Law)}, {\i 20(1)}, 49-76.\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Marzen, C. (2011). Protecting Statements in Catholic Tribunal Proceedings Under the Priest-Penitent Privilege: Cimijotti v. Paulsen Considered. {\i University of Detroit Mercy Law Review (University of Detroit Mercy School of Law)}, {\i 88(2)}, 291-305.\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Marzen, C. (2011). Religion and the Alien Tort Statute. {\i Creighton International and Comparative Law Journal (Creighton University School of Law)}, {\i 1(1)}, 55-59.\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Marzen, C. (2011). The Wrap Up of Wrap Ups? Owner Controlled Insurance Programs and the Exclusive Remedy Defense. {\i Drake Law Review (Drake University Law School)}, {\i 59(3)}, 867-886.\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Marzen, C. (2010). Charles Sumner: History's Misunderstood Idealist. {\i Oklahoma City University Law Review (Oklahoma City University School of Law)}, {\i 35(3)}, 607-623.\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Marzen, C. (2010). The Furundzija Judgment and Its Continued Vitality in International Law. {\i Creighton Law Review (Creighton University School of Law)}, {\i 43(2)}, 505-528.\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Marzen, C. (2009). The Holy See's Worldwide Role and International Human Rights: Solely Symbolic? {\i University of Detroit Mercy Law Review (University of Detroit Mercy School of Law)}, {\i 86(4)}, 659-683.\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Marzen, C. (2009). The Role of Custom in Canon, Jewish and Islamic Law: Supplemented, Superseded or Supplanted by Written Law? {\i Ohio Northern University Law Review (Ohio Northern University Claude W. Pettit College of Law)}, {\i 35(2)}, 813-827.\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Marzen, C. (2008). Liability for Terrorism in American Courts: Aiding-and-Abetting Liability Under the FSIA State-Sponsor of Terrorism Exception and the Alien Tort Statute. {\i Thomas M. Cooley Law Review (Thomas M. Cooley School of Law)}, {\i 25(3)}, 503-528.\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Marzen, C. (2006). Archbishop Oscar Romero in the U.S. Media, 1977-1980: Elevation Before Martydom. {\i Khthonios: A Journal for the Study of Religion (Queensland Society for the Study of Religion)}, {\i III}, 34-43.\par \pard \pard \par \pard \par \pard \keepn {\b Refereed Newsletter Articles}\par \pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Marzen, C. (2011). Vacating Default Judgments for Failure to Timely File an Answer: A Nebraska Caselaw Analysis. {\i The Nebraska Lawyer (Nebraska State Bar Association)}, {\i July - August}, 23-26. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \par \pard \keepn {\b Nonrefereed Book Chapters}\par \pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Marzen, C. (2009). Nebraska. In {\i Punitive Damages: A State by State Compendium} (pp. 297-300). Defense Research Institute. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \par \pard \keepn {\b Nonrefereed Newsletter Articles}\par \pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Marzen, C. (2012). Nebraska: Nebraska Appeals Court Denies Recovery of Attorney's Fees in Case Involving Adjustment of Liability Priorities Between Two Insurers. {\i American Bar Association Tort Trial and Insurance Practice Section Insurance Regulation Committee Newsletter}, {\i Summer 2012}, 11. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Marzen, C. (2011, April). Owner-Controlled Insurance Programs: Considerations for the Nebraska Defense Lawyer. {\i Nebraska Defense Counsel Newsletter}, {\i 3 (1)}, 4-6. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Marzen, C., & Jensen-Blackford, A. (2009, May). Wyeth v Levine: The U.S. Supreme Court's New Approach to Preemption - Is Parochialism to Prevail? {\i Nebraska Defense Counsel Newsletter}, 4-6. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Marzen, C. (2009). Introductory Note to "El-Shifa Pharmaceuticals Company v. United States". {\i International Legal Materials (American Society of International Law)}, {\i 48}, 829-830. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn \par {\pard \qc\keepn {\b Presentations}\par }\pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn {\b Invited Papers at Symposia}\par \pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Marzen, C., & Ballard, G. (presented 2015, November). Climate Change and Federal Crop Insurance. In {\i Who Will Pay: The Public and Private Insurance Implications of Climate Change's Drastic Challenges}. Symposium conducted at the meeting of Boston College Environmental Affairs Law Review, Newton Center, Massachusetts. (National)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Marzen, C. (presented 2013, March). Crop Insurance Bad Faith: Protection for America's Farmers. In {\i Strengthening America's Farmland: Perspectives on Practicing Agricultural Law}. Symposium conducted at the meeting of Creighton Law Review (Creighton University School of Law), Omaha, Nebraska. (National)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \par \pard \keepn {\b Refereed Papers at Conferences}\par \pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Marzen, C. (presented 2016, April). {\i Public Policy Considerations Concerning Forum Selection Clauses in Insurance Contracts}. Paper presented at Midwest Academy of Legal Studies in Business Annual Conference, Midwest Academy of Legal Studies in Business. (Regional)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Marzen, C. (presented 2016, March). {\i Bankruptcy and Federal Crop Insurance}. Paper presented at Southern Academy of Legal Studies in Business Annual Conference, Southern Academy of Legal Studies in Business, San Antonio, Texas. (Regional)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Aalberts, R., Prum, D., & Marzen, C. (presented 2015, August). {\i The New Sharing Economy: The Role of Property, Tort, and Contract Law for Managing the AirBNB Model}. Paper presented at Academy of Legal Studies in Business Annual Conference, Academy of Legal Studies in Business, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. (International)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Bisco, J., & Marzen, C. (presented 2015, August). {\i Banking Without Guarantees? Public Policy Considerations Concerning Insurance Company Retained Asset Accounts}. Paper presented at Academy of Legal Studies in Business Annual Conference, Academy of Legal Studies in Business, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. (International)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Aalberts, R., Marzen, C., & Prum, D. (presented 2014, August). {\i Studying is Dangerous? Possible Federal Remedies for Study Abroad Liability}. Paper presented at Academy of Legal Studies in Business Annual Conference, Academy of Legal Studies in Business, Seattle, Washington. (International)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Marzen, C. (presented 2014, August). {\i The Personal Liability of Insurance Claims Adjusters for Insurance Bad Faith}. Paper presented at Academy of Legal Studies in Business Annual Conference, Academy of Legal Studies in Business, Seattle, Washington. (International)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Marzen, C. (presented 2014, March). {\i The Merrill Doctrine and Federally Reinsured Crop Insurers}. Paper presented at Midwest Academy of Legal Studies in Business Annual Conference, Midwest Academy of Legal Studies in Business, Chicago, Illinois. (Regional)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Marzen, C. (presented 2013, October). {\i Public Policy Considerations Concerning Insurance Bad Faith and Residual Market Mechanisms}. Paper presented at Georgia-Florida Legal Studies Research Conference, (Colleges of Business at the University of Georgia, Florida State University, University of Florida, University of Miami, Georgia Institute of Technology, and Georgia State University), Athens, Georgia. (Regional)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Aalberts, R., Marzen, C., & Prum, D. (presented 2013, August). {\i Studying is Dangerous? The Call for a Uniform National Standard for Study Abroad Liability}. Paper presented at Academy of Legal Studies in Business National Conference, Academy of Legal Studies in Business, Boston, Massachusetts. (International)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Marzen, C., & Woodyard, W. (presented 2013, August). {\i Catholic Social Teaching, the Right to Immigrate, and the Right to Regulate Borders: A Proposed Solution for Immigration Reform}. Paper presented at Academy of Legal Studies in Business National Conference, Academy of Legal Studies in Business, Boston, Massachusetts. (International)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Cole, C., & Marzen, C. (presented 2012, November). {\i A Review of State Statutes Concerning State Sovereign Immunity}. Paper presented at Southern Risk and Insurance Association Annual Conference, Southern Risk and Insurance Association, Savannah, Georgia. (Regional)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Prum, D., & Marzen, C. (presented 2012, October). {\i Set Up for Abduction and Extortion by the IRS: Does the Reporting of Interest Paid on U.S. Bank Deposits Undermine the Government's Obligation to Avoid Instigating Terrorism Abroad?} Paper presented at Georgia-Florida Legal Studies Research Conference, (Colleges of Business at the University of Georgia, Florida State University, University of Florida, Georgia Institute of Technology, and Georgia State University), Georgia Institute of Technology, Atlanta, Georgia. (Regional)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Marzen, C. (presented 2012, August). {\i The Legacy of Rux v. Republic of Sudan and the Future of the Judicial War on Terror}. Paper presented at Academy of Legal Studies in Business National Conference, Academy of Legal Studies in Business, Kansas City, Missouri. (International)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Woodyard, W., & Marzen, C. (presented 2012, August). {\i A Catholic Perspective on Modern Usury}. Paper presented at Academy of Legal Studies in Business National Conference, Academy of Legal Studies in Business, Kansas City, Missouri. (International)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Marzen, C. (presented 2012, March). {\i Can (and Should) an Insurance Defense Attorney/Law Firm Be Held Liable for Insurance Bad Faith?} Paper presented at Southern Academy of Legal Studies in Business Annual Conference, Southern Academy of Legal Studies in Business, San Antonio, Texas. (Regional)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Marzen, C. (presented 2011, October). {\i OCIPs in the Future of the Insurance Industry: Legal and Regulatory Considerations}. Paper presented at The First Annual Florida - Georgia Legal Studies Research Conference, (College of Business at Florida State University, University of Florida, University of Georgia, and Georgia Institute of Technology), Florida State University College of Business, Tallahassee, FL. (Regional)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \par \pard \keepn {\b Refereed Presentations at Conferences}\par \pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Boyer, M., Halek, M., Marzen, C., & Nyce, C. (presented 2012, November). {\i A Consumer's View of Title Insurance}. Presentation at Southern Risk and Insurance Association Annual Conference, Southern Risk and Insurance Association, Savannah, Georgia. (Regional)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \par \pard \keepn {\b Nonrefereed Workshops}\par \pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Marzen, C. (2011, October). {\i Liability of a State-Sponsored Property Insurer for Bad Faith: Citizens Property Insurance Corp. v. San Perdido Association, Inc. Considered}. Workshop delivered at Florida State University Center for Insurance Research, Florida State University College of Business. (Local)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \par \pard \keepn {\b Invited Lectures and Readings of Original Work}\par \pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Marzen, C. (2015, September). {\i Law School, Legal Careers, and a Young Lawyer's Perspective}. Delivered at Florida State University Freshman Interest Group (FIG) Pre-Law Class, Tallahassee, Florida. (Local)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Marzen, C. (2014, April). {\i The Merrill Doctrine and Federally Reinsured Crop Insurers}. Delivered at North Dakota Law Review, University of North Dakota School of Law; Grand Forks, North Dakota. (State)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Marzen, C. (2012, March). {\i Contemporary Legal Issues in International Business Transactions}. Delivered at Florida State University International Business Association (student group), Tallahassee, Florida. (Local)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Marzen, C. (2010, September). {\i International Law in an American Law Practice}. Delivered at Iowa State Bar Association, Des Moines, Iowa. (International)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Marzen, C., & Campbell, J. E. (2008, April). {\i The Alien Tort Statute: Addressing Human Rights Violations Committed Abroad in the U.S. Courts}. Delivered at Saint Louis University School of Law. (State)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Marzen, C. (2004, April). {\i The Storm Beats: Charles Summer and the Liberal Republicans of 1872}. Delivered at Butler University Undergraduate Research Conference, Indianapolis, Indiana. (Regional)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Marzen, C. (2004, April). {\i The Storm Beats: Charles Summer and the Liberal Republicans of 1872}. Delivered at Grinnell College - Department of History Colloquium. (Local)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn \par {\pard \qc\keepn {\b Contracts and Grants}\par }\pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn {\b Contracts and Grants Funded}\par \pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Marzen, C. (2015\u8211?2016). {\i Public Policy Considerations Concerning Forum Selection Clauses in Insurance Contracts}. Funded by Florida State University College of Business Dean's Summer Research Grant. Total award $10,400. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Marzen, C., & Bisco, J. (2015\u8211?2015). {\i Banking Without Guarantees? Public Policy Considerations Concerning Insurance Company Retained Asset Accounts}. Funded by Florida State University Provost's Travel Grant Committee. Total award $1,000. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Marzen, C. (2014\u8211?2014). {\i The Personal Liability of Insurance Claims Adjusters for Insurance Bad Faith}. Funded by Florida State University Provost's Travel Grant Committee. Total award $1,000. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Marzen, C. (2014\u8211?2015). {\i The Personal Liability of Insurance Claims Adjusters for Insurance Bad Faith}. Funded by Florida State University College of Business Dean's Summer Research Grant. Total award $6,000. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Marzen, C., & Woodyard, W. (2013\u8211?2013). {\i Catholic Social Teaching, the Right to Immigrate, and the Right to Regulate Borders: A Proposed Solution for Immigration Reform}. Funded by Florida State University Provost's Faculty Travel Grant Committee. Total award $1,000. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Marzen, C. (May 2012\u8211?Aug 2012). {\i Public Policy Considerations Concerning Insurance Bad Faith and Residual Market Mechanisms}. Funded by Florida State University Council on Research and Creativity. Total award $17,000. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Marzen, C. (2012\u8211?2012). {\i The Legacy of Rux v. Republic of Sudan and the Future of the Judicial War on Terror}. Funded by Florida State University Provost's Faculty Travel Grant Committee. Total award $1,000. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn \par {\pard \qc\keepn {\b Reviews of My Research and Original Creative Work by Other Authors}\par }\pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn {\b Reviews Appearing in Journals}\par \pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Campbell, K. (2016). The "New Selma" and the Old Selma: Arizona, Alabama, and the Immigration Civil Rights Movement in the Twenty-First Century. {\i Journal of American Ethnic History}, {\i 35 (3)}, 76. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Keren, H. (2015). Law and Economic Exploitation in an Anti-Classification Age. {\i Florida State University Law Review}, {\i 42}, 364. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Petersen, C. (2015). Reproductive Justice, Public Policy, and Abortion on the Basis of Fetal Impairment: Lessons from International Human Rights Law and the Potential Impact of the Convention on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities. {\i Journal of Law and Health (Cleveland-Marshall College of Law at Cleveland State University)}, {\i 28}, 152. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Ranharter, K., & Stansfield, G. (2015). Acknowledging the Suffering Caused by State-Mandated Sexual Violence and Crimes: An Assessment of the Iraqi High Tribunal. {\i Middle Eastern Studies}, {\i 51(6)}, 11. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Rehwaldt, J. (2015). Responses by White Christians to Recent Latino Immigration in the Rural U.S. Midwest. {\i Religions}, {\i 6 (2)}, 688. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Rizzi, C. (2015). A Duty to Protect: Why Gun-Free Zones Create A Special Relationship Between the Government and Victims of School Shootings. {\i Cornell Journal of Law and Public Policy (Cornell Law School)}, {\i 25 (2)}, 501. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Vulaj, E. (2015). Sexual Violence During the Kosovo War: How Acknowledging Rape as a Jus Cogens Violation and Other Steps Can Bring Justice to All Victims. {\i Gonzaga Journal of International Law}, {\i 19(1)}, 1. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Dzienkowski, J. (2014). The Future of Big Law: Alternative Legal Service Providers to Corporate Clients. {\i Fordham Law Review}, {\i 82(6)}, 3023. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Gekker, E. (2014). Rape, Sexual Slavery, and Forced Marriage at the International Criminal Court: How Katanga Utilizes a Ten-Year-Old Rule But Overlooks New Jurisprudence. {\i Hastings Women's Law Journal}, {\i 25}, 114. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Kolenc, A. (2014). Not "For God and Country": Atheist Military Chaplains and the Free Exercise Clause. {\i University of San Francisco Law Review}, {\i 48}, 424. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Martin, N. (2014). Public Opinion and the Limits of State Law: The Case for a Federal Usury Cap. {\i Northern Illinois University Law Review}, {\i 34}, 284. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Okebukola, E. O. (2014). Training Children for Armed Conflict - Where Does the Law Stand? {\i International Criminal Law Review}, {\i 14}, 608. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Skinner, G. L. (2014). Beyond Kiobel: Providing Access to Judicial Remedies for Violations of International Human Rights Norms by Transnational Business in a New (Post-Kiobel) World. {\i Columbia Human Rights Law Review}, {\i 46}, 196. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Stevenson, D. (2014). Against Confidentiality. {\i U.C. Davis Law Review}, {\i 48(1)}, 365. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Trahan, J., & Lovall, E. K. (2014). The ICTY Appellate Chamber's Acquittal of Momcilo Persic: The Specific Direction Element of Aiding and Abetting Should Be Rejected or Modified to Explicitly Include a "Reasonable Person" Due Diligence Standard. {\i Brooklyn Journal of International Law}, {\i 40}, 177. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Daly, B. (2013). Seal of Confession: A Strict Obligation for Priests. {\i Australasian Catholic Record}, {\i 90(1)}, 19. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Nelson, J. S., & Parry, R. O. (2013). Protecting Employee Rights and Prosecuting Corporate Crime: A Proposal for Criminal Cumis Counsel. {\i Berkeley Business Law Journal}, {\i 10}, 119. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Silecchia, L. (2013). The Convention on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities: Reflections on Four Flaws That Tarnish Its Promise. {\i Journal of Contemporary Health Law and Policy (Catholic University of America Columbus School of Law)}, {\i 30}, 121. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Van Detta, J. (2013). Some Legal Considerations for E.U.-Based MNEs Contemplating High-Risk Foreign Direct Investment in the Energy Sector After Kiobel v. Royal Dutch Petroleum and Chevron Corporation v. Naranjo. {\i South Carolina Journal of International Law and Business}, {\i 9}, 179. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Wertz, B. L., Jr. (2013). Owner Controlled Insurance Programs for Construction Projects. {\i Construction Law Journal}, {\i 11(2)}, 14. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Hennessy, S. (2011). In re the Foreign Sovereign Immunities Act: How the 9/11 Litigation Shows the Shortcomings of FSIA as a Tool in the War on Global Terrorism. {\i Georgetown Journal of International Law (Georgetown University Law Center)}, {\i 42(3)}, 867. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Mattar, M. Y. (2011). Interpreting Judicial Interpretations of the Criminal Statutes of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act: Ten Years Later. {\i American University Journal of Gender, Social Policy and the Law (American University, Washington College of Law)}, {\i 19}, 1297. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Petersen, C. (2010). Population Policy and Eugenic Theory: Implications of China's Ratification of the United Nations Convention on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities. {\i China: An International Journal (Singapore University Press)}, {\i 8(1)}, 98. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \par \pard \keepn {\b Reviews Appearing in Books or Monographs}\par \pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Annotated Code of Virginia. (2016). VA Code Ann. Section 38.2-218. In {\i West's Annotated Code of Virginia}. Thomson Reuters. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Annotated Code of Virginia. (2016). VA Code Ann. Section 38.2-221. In {\i West's Annotated Code of Virginia}. Thomson Reuters. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Kelly, M. J. (2016). Modes of Criminal Liability Under International Law. In {\i Prosecuting Corporations for Genocide} (pp. 83). Oxford University Press. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Stempel, J. W., & Knutsen, E. S. (2016). The Duty of Good Faith and Fair Dealing. In {\i Stempel and Knutsen on Insurance Coverage, Fourth Edition} (pp. 10-85). Wolters Kluwer Law & Business. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Stempel, J. W., & Knutsen, E. S. (2016). Coverage for Defective Construction Claims. In {\i Stempel and Knutsen on Insurance Coverage, Fourth Edition} (pp. 25-88). Wolters Kluwer Law and Business. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 United States Office of the Federal Register. (2015). Code of Federal Regulations Section 1208.16. In {\i Code of Federal Regulations}. United States Government Publishing Office. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 United States Office of the Federal Register. (2015). Code of Federal Regulations Section 1208.18. In {\i Code of Federal Regulations}. United States Government Publishing Office. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Alces, P. (2014). APPENDIX D. Commercial Fraud Bibliography. In {\i The Law of Fraudulent Transactions}. Thomson Reuters. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 United States Code Annotated. (2014). 7 U.S.C.A. Section 1501. In {\i West's United States Code Annotated}. Thomson Reuters. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Utah Code Annotated. (2014). U.C.A. 1953 Section 15-1-1. In {\i West's Utah Code Annotated}. Thomson Reuters. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Grossman, E. L., Harnard, G. K., & Shampo, J. J. (2013). 4 Am. Jur. 2d Alternative Dispute Resolution section 12. In {\i American Jurisprudence, Second Edition}. Thomson Reuters. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Williams, E. (2013). Cause of Action in Tort for Bad Faith Refusal of Insurer to Pay Claim of Insured. In {\i Causes of Action}. Thomson Reuters. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Williams, E. (2013). Cause of Action to Obtain Punitive Damages Against Insurer for Refusal to Settle or Pay Claim. In {\i Causes of Action}. Thomson Reuters. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Zitter, J. (2013). 81 A.L.R. 6th 1 - Application, Recognition or Consideration of Jewish Law by Courts in United States. In {\i American Law Reports - ALR 6th}. Thomson Reuters. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Alterman, O. (2012). Nuclear Nonproliferation, Customary International Law, and the Ramifications for Israel. In Emily B. Landau, & Anat Kurz (Eds.), {\i Arms Control Dilemmas: Focus on the Middle East} (pp. 12, 19). The Insitute for National Security Studies, Tel Aviv University. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Ashley, S. S. (2012). Bad Faith Actions Liability and Damages section 6:15, Representatives. In {\i Bad Faith Actions Liability and Damages}. Thomson Reuters. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \par \pard \keepn {\b Reviews Appearing in Magazines or Newsletters}\par \pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Strafford Publications, I. (2014). Preemption of Crop Insurance Bad Faith Claims Leaves Farmers Unprotected. {\i Insurance Law and Litigation Week}, {\i 11}, 69. Retrieved from {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "http://www.straffordpub.com"}{\fldrslt http://www.straffordpub.com}}\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Hattery, M. R., Gedders, R. R., & Kay, D. L. (2013, December). The Costs of Labor Law 240 on New York's Economy and Public Infrastructure: Final Report to the New York Civil Justice Institute. {\i The Nelson A. Rockefeller Institute of Government of the State University of New York}, 40. Retrieved from {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "http://www.ecainc.org/Misc._Web_Documents/2014/Scaffold_Study-NYCCJI-Jan2014.pdf"}{\fldrslt http://www.ecainc.org/Misc._Web_Documents/2014/Scaffold_Study-NYCCJI-Jan2014.pdf}}\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Henning, W., & Miller, F. (2013). New Sources of Information About Consumer Credit. {\i The Uniform Commercial Code Law Letter, August 2013}, {\i 47 (6)}, NL 7. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Stafford Publications, I. (2011). Law Journals: Examining OCIPs and the Exclusive Remedy Defense. {\i Insurance Law and Litigation Week}, {\i 8}, 1083. Retrieved from {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "http://www.straffordpub.com"}{\fldrslt http://www.straffordpub.com}}\par \pard \pard \par \pard \par \pard \keepn {\b Reviews Appearing on a Web Site}\par \pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Bishops of the Episcopal Diocese of North Carolina. (2015). February 23, 2015 Letter to Speaker of the North Carolina House of Representatives Timothy Moore. {\i Center for Responsible Lending}. Retrieved from {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "http://www.responsiblelending.org/north-carolina/about-us/episcopals-predatory-lending-letter-ncga-moore.pdf"}{\fldrslt http://www.responsiblelending.org/north-carolina/about-us/episcopals-predatory-lending-letter-ncga-moore.pdf}}\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 David Douglass & Matthew Turetzky. (2015). When it Comes to Crop Insurance, the FCA Bears Fruit. {\i Government Contracts, Investigations & International Trade Blog}. Retrieved from {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "http://www.governmentcontractslawblog.com/2015/04/articles/false-claims/when-it-comes-to-crop-insurance-the-fca-bears-fruit/"}{\fldrslt http://www.governmentcontractslawblog.com/2015/04/articles/false-claims/when-it-comes-to-crop-insurance-the-fca-bears-fruit/}}\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Office of the Attorney General of South Carolina. (2015). July 2, 2015 Opinion. {\i Office of the Attorney General State of South Carolina}. Retrieved from {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "http://www.scag.gov/wp-content/uploads/2015/07/Chambers-D.-OS-9838-FINAL-Opinion-7-2-2016-00693461xD2C78.pdf"}{\fldrslt http://www.scag.gov/wp-content/uploads/2015/07/Chambers-D.-OS-9838-FINAL-Opinion-7-2-2016-00693461xD2C78.pdf}}\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Office of the Attorney General of the State of South Carolina. (2015). July 2, 2015 Opinion. {\i Office of the Attorney General of the State of South Carolina}. Retrieved from {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "http://www.scag.gov/wp-content/uploads/2015/07/Chambers-D.-OS-9838-FINAL-Opinion-7-2-2016-00693461xD2C78.pdf"}{\fldrslt http://www.scag.gov/wp-content/uploads/2015/07/Chambers-D.-OS-9838-FINAL-Opinion-7-2-2016-00693461xD2C78.pdf}}\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Storch, J. C. (2015). Reporting on Student Safety and Security Abroad: Legal Requirements and Best Practices. {\i National Association of College and University Attorneys 2015 Annual Conference}. Retrieved from {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "http://www.nacua.org/securedocuments/programs/June2015/05D_15_6_33.pdf"}{\fldrslt http://www.nacua.org/securedocuments/programs/June2015/05D_15_6_33.pdf}}\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Agostinho, P., & Cherry, C. (2014). The Significance of Claims Fraud in Microinsurance and a Statistical Method to Channel Limited Fraud Identification Resources. {\i Actuarial Society of South Africa's 2014 Convention}. Retrieved from {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "http://www.actuarialsocietyconvention.org.za/assets/pdf/papers/2014%20ASSA%20Agostinho.pdf"}{\fldrslt http://www.actuarialsocietyconvention.org.za/assets/pdf/papers/2014%20ASSA%20Agostinho.pdf}}\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Bainbridge, S. (2014). Catholic Social Thought and the Law: Usury. {\i ProfessorBainbridge.com}. Retrieved from {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "http://www.professorbainbridge.com/professorbainbridgecom/2014/11/catholic-social-thought-and-the-law-usury.html"}{\fldrslt http://www.professorbainbridge.com/professorbainbridgecom/2014/11/catholic-social-thought-and-the-law-usury.html}}\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Iverson, M. W. (2014). Mass Rape in Foca: The International Criminal Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia vs. Dragoljub Kunarac. {\i Boise State University Theses and Dissertations}. Retrieved from {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "http://scholarworks.boisestate.edu/cgi/viewcontent.cgi?article=1908&context=td"}{\fldrslt http://scholarworks.boisestate.edu/cgi/viewcontent.cgi?article=1908&context=td}}\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Lovas, K. M. (2014). Evolving International Law and Norms. International Response to Conflicts Involving Systematic Sexual Violence: A Case Study of Bosnia and Herzogovina, Rwanda, and the Democratic Republic of the Congo. {\i Digital Library at Texas State University}. Retrieved from {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://digital.library.txstate.edu/bitstream/handle/10877/5361/LOVAS-THESIS-2014.pdf?sequence=1"}{\fldrslt https://digital.library.txstate.edu/bitstream/handle/10877/5361/LOVAS-THESIS-2014.pdf?sequence=1}}\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Brophy, A. (2013). Marzen on Advocacy and Migration in Reaction to the Kansas-Nebraska Act. {\i The Faculty Lounge}. Retrieved from {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "http://www.thefacultylounge.org/2013/03/marzen-on-kansas-nebraska-act.html"}{\fldrslt http://www.thefacultylounge.org/2013/03/marzen-on-kansas-nebraska-act.html}}\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Hinojos, B. (2013). Stressors and Coping Strategies of Undocumented Latinos in Therapy. {\i Open Access Theses and Dissertations from the College of Education and Human Sciences at the University of Nebraska-Lincoln}. Retrieved from {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "http://digitalcommons.unl.edu/cgi/viewcontent.cgi?article=1189&context=cehsdiss"}{\fldrslt http://digitalcommons.unl.edu/cgi/viewcontent.cgi?article=1189&context=cehsdiss}}\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Migration Dialogue. (2013). Meat and Migrants. {\i Rural Migration News}. Retrieved from {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "http://migration.ucdavis.edu/rmn/more.php?id=1763"}{\fldrslt http://migration.ucdavis.edu/rmn/more.php?id=1763}}\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn \par {\pard \qc\keepn {\b Service}\par }\pard \keepn \par {\pard \qc\keepn {\b Florida State University}\par }\pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn {\b FSU University Service}\par \pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Member, FSU Faculty Senate (2015\u8211?present).\par \pard \pard \par \pard \par \pard \keepn {\b FSU College Service}\par \pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Member, College of Business Scholarships Committee (2014\u8211?present).\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Member, College of Business Ethics Roundtable (2011\u8211?present).\par \pard \pard \par \pard \par \pard \keepn {\b FSU Department Service}\par \pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Member, Legal Studies Curriculum Committee (2012\u8211?present).\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Member, Department Faculty Evaluation Committee (2014).\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Commencement Marshal, 2012 Florida State University Spring Commencement (2012).\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn \par {\pard \qc\keepn {\b The Profession}\par }\pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn {\b Service to Professional Associations}\par \pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Member, International Law Section Council, Iowa State Bar Association (2011\u8211?present).\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn \par {\pard \qc\keepn {\b The Community}\par }\pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Volunteer Moderator, Middle School Brain Bowl Competition, Leon County Schools (2015).\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Volunteer Moderator, Middle School Brain Bowl Competition, Leon County Schools (2014).\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Volunteer Moderator, Middle School Brain Bowl Competition, Leon County Schools (2013).\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Volunteer Judge, 2nd Annual Capital City Invitational, Florida State University, American Mock Trial Association (2012).\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Volunteer Judge, 1st Annual Capital City Invitational, Florida State University, American Mock Trial Association (2011).\par \pard \pard \par \pard \par {\pard \qc\keepn {\b Consultation}\par }\pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Law Offices of William K. Crispin. Drafted expert report and gave deposition testimony for the plaintiffs in Robert J. Lindsey & Lynn B. Lindsey v. Producers Agriculture Insurance Company, Case No. 12-14420-CIV-GRAHAM/LYNCH, United States District Court, Southern District of Florida (2014).\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Law Offices of William K. Crispin. Drafted expert report and gave deposition testimony for the plaintiffs in Reuben Vaughn & Steven Davis v. Producers Agriculture Insurance Company, Case No. 1:14-CV-00012-MW-GRJ, United States District Court, Northern District of Florida (2014).\par \pard \pard \par } -
\ts@4tå9
}