{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial;}}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\f0\fs20 KOOPALINGS : THE TEENAGE YEARS\par
by Foxy Boy\par
\par
INTRODUCTION\par
\par
The last decade has seen Mario's threat to Bowser's dictatorship wane, and the fragile but somehow lasting peace has seen the Koopalings through adolescence and into young adulthood. As they are no longer occupied by assaults on their father's kingdom nor sharing in the responsibility to defend it, their lives have become steeped in the drama and obstacles that befall any normal, quickly maturing family. And though Mario cannot sit back forever as Bowser's power and influence continue to grow, he nonetheless remains in retreat as the Koopalings' lives are guided, albeit crookedly, by their own individual circumstances, and the gentle but unyielding pull of destiny.\par
\par
**************************\par
\par
CHAPTER I: REUNION\par
\par
It was an undeniably morose scene. Outside of a leather bar in Grand Koopa City, Nameless to walk-ins as the neon sign had long been burnt out and neglected. A tall-lean silhouette was visible against the dim interior lights of the near-empty dive, his hair extending his height by no less than a head. As a lone Koopa sauntered by, he took no notice of the silhouete pulling a Zippo out of its pocket and leaning down to light a Newport. The figure silently enjoyed a few drags, blowing the smoke high up in the air, as if proud of it. Several more people passed, and some were lucky enough to catch a glimpse of the figure's face as their moving synchronized with the headlights of passing cars. All who saw its dour, self-satisfied gaze recognized it immediately, but none stopped to converse. They knew very well that he was above them, both socially and in wealth. The only passerby that dared to confront him was a small boy, still young enough to be ignorant of the unwritten laws of classism.\par
"Oh, gee, it's Larry Koopa! Mr. Larry, I'm your biggest fan! My daddy told me about when you fought Mario himself!"\par
The boy was not mistaken. Leaning against the bar's window frame was none other than the youngest of the Koopa kids, his tight wife-beater nearly concealed behind a black leather jacket. As he shifted his weight onto his feet, the chain that ran from his wallet to a belt loop on his black faded denim jeans jingled with the motion.\par
The boy didn't seem put off by Larry's tough appearance, as so many others around them seemed to. Larry, who had been looking down at his cigarette the entire time, only now glanced up, just long enough to utter an emotionless phrase.\par
"If your Daddy had any kind of fuckin' memory, he'd have also told you I lost."\par
The youngster was stunned at his idol's cursing. Still, he recovered and continued.\par
"Everybody loses a battle now and then. You're still the greatest to me-"\par
The boy barely got the last word out when he saw something fall out of Larry's jeans pocket onto the sidewalk.\par
"God damnit", Larry muttered, the lit cigarette in his mouth garbling his words. "Now the whole pack's gonna be fuckin' dirty."\par
He stooped down to pick it up, and the little boy backed up. Had Larry cared, he would have noticed the youngster was beginning to feel uncomfortable.\par
"What the hell are you doin' on this side of town, anyway?", Larry continued as he brushed off the cigarette pack and stuck it back in his pocket. "Bad shit goes down around here."\par
The boy didn't answer right away. "Then... Why are you here, Mr. Larry?"\par
Larry glared down at the boy, finally taking the smoke out of his mouth. "Because I'm here to do just that... Bad things. Not that it's any of your god damn business, but do you see this bar behind me?"\par
The boy meekly nodded, obviously frightened by Larry's heightened voice and apparent irritation.\par
"There's an empty bottle of Everclear behind the counter in there, and a slutty bitch lying on her stomach in the back tied and gagged with her pussy full of my little white legion and fifty of my hard-earned dollars. Now unless you want me to pound your teeny-tiny face into the pavement, I suggest you scoot your ass back home. Because if you don't, you're going to have to beat me there, because right about now I'm starting to feel like finding your Daddy and punching his fucking lights out. Am I clear?"\par
The boy was starting to back up slowly as sweat trickled off of his brow. Larry only smiled as he watched the youngster turn and high-tail it in the direction that he first came from.\par
After he was gone, Larry stuck the cigarette back in his mouth and took two humongous puffs from it. Had he any decency left, he would've felt guilty for scaring an innocent boy like that, especially one that had obviously looked up to him, at least when he had started talking. As he finished the cigarette and thoughtlessly discarded it on the sidewalk, he heard a faint yell coming from inside the bar. He casually swung his head back to look in, and found the plump, haggard bartender waving him in. He once again slowly leaned back up onto his feet and sauntered in like he owned the place. He knew that, considering his being royalty in this city, he pretty much did. But though the bartender was as aware of his status as he was, he didn't hide the frustration on his face. He spoke sternly to Larry as he wiped down the counter.\par
"I saw all of that out there. You know, you really didn't have to do that."\par
Larry chuckled lazily. "I know. That's why I did it, genius."\par
"If I were you, I would change my choice of words."\par
Larry evoked an insincere smile. "You're right, I'm sorry. That's why I did it, \b asswipe\b0 ."\par
The bartender's face turned red with anger, but he held his tongue. He knew better than to disrespect one of Bowser's children. "I... Called you in about something else."\par
Larry nodded as he pulled the pack of Newports out of his pocket once again. The bartender initially took no notice and continued.\par
"I've been getting alot of complaints about the way to talk to the other patrons, and especially the waitresses. They've accused you of mouthing off to them even worse than you did that boy out there, and if you don't stop, I'll have to do something about it."\par
"Tch. Yeah, right.", Larry jeered as he produced the lighter from another pocket. "You ain't gonna do shit, and you know it."\par
The bartender was becoming more and more furious with each passing moment. He had to struggle to keep his composure.\par
"You... Can't smoke in here. You know that. If you light that, you'll have to put it out."\par
Larry stared at him vacantly as he put the flame to the tip and his mouth to the filter. He said nothing as he took a long, deep drag, and blew it out straight into the bartender's face, sending him into a coughing fit. Larry waited until the man regained his breath to reply.\par
"Make me, big shot."\par
The bartender's countenance was beet-red. As his hands trembled with fury, Larry laughed deeply. "Go ahead, I'm waiting. Make me." He opened his jacket. "I'll even let you take the first shot."\par
The bartender, of course, did nothing, but only marched into the back biting his lip. Larry shot him the middle finger after he was no longer in sight, and headed back out the door. He didn't care if the bartender had anything else to say to him; he had nothing to say back.\par
As he stepped back out of the threshold, he saw something that made him freeze in his tracks.\par
There, parked on the curb with the engine still running and loud but unplaceable bass booming seemingly out of the entire car, was a cherry-red Viper, the deep crimson colour stained purple at the bottom by the meeting of its colour with the light from blue ground-effects. For a moment, he just stood there staring at it, until the engine cut off, the bass subsided and the driver's side scissor-door flung open.\par
He saw smoke before the driver's head even came into view. Once he stepped out of the ride, Larry immediately recognized the bald head and member's only jacket above dark camos, similar to his but bigger and heavier, more suited to the driver's taller, thicker frame.\par
Against the streetlights, the driver was next to invisible as he made his way around the car, his heavy boots crunching the leaf litter that surrounded the gutters. Larry smiled as soon as he had placed him, and it only grew wider as the man approached, stopped inches from his face, and exhaled the entire contents of his lungs through his wide nostrils. Though most of it dissipated before it reached Larry's face, the smell was unmistakeable.\par
"Red hair?", Larry asked, showing more emotion than either the boy or the bartender had seen from him.\par
The dark figure smiled. "You know it. I got a pound of high-grade and a quarter bag of kind bud from D.P. And he threw in a joint of Maui Wowie, just to show his respect."\par
Larry laughed genuinely. "I love that mother fucker. How \b is\b0  Dirty Pete, anyway?"\par
The figure nodded slightly as he spoke. "Good, good, he's been clean ever since the cops busted Ol' Rusty for that storehouse of dime rocks he kept in that old shed next to his place off of Bluevine. I guess seein' your best friend put away for twenty is enough to make anybody give up runnin' a lab."\par
Larry chuckled. "It's sad, Roy. Ol' Rusty was an awesome sonuvabitch. Do you know how many acid trips I used to take with that mother fucker?"\par
Roy nodded. "I know, man, I'll miss him too. I remember when I used to walk in the front door at ten in the morning and you were laid out in the floor with no less than three hookers and five empty tabs lying on the coffee table. I'm surprised the fuzz didn't pick you up when they busted him, knowin' how much you hung around there."\par
"No shit. Lucky I was at home when they did that sting and nabbed him. I still remember the phone ringing when I was kicking Morton's ass at Tekken, pickin' it up and hearing Rusty's voice on the other end tellin' me that he wouldn't see me for a looooong time."\par
"Yeah, I guess it's a good thing he didn't rat you out. He had both the means and a good reason to."\par
"If he had, I would've found a way to light his ass up from outside of those four walls, and he knows that. Besides, he and I go way back. After he told me how long he was gonna be in for, I went straight to the fridge and poured out a whole pint of Bacardi for his old ass. And you know how I love that shit."\par
"Love it?", Roy laughed. "You could fuckin' live on it if you wanted to."\par
"I did, for about a week. Remember?"\par
Roy nodded. "Yeah, but that shit had to stop after the seventh day. You were so fucking wasted that you started comin' onto Wendy's best friend, and I knew she wasn't gonna be havin' that."\par
"Shit, no. I'm glad you stepped in when you did."\par
"That's what brothers are for, isn't it?"\par
"True, true. D'you gotta watch on you?"\par
"Nah, but when I got out of the car, the dash clock said about two, two-thirty. Dad's probably sittin' up at home worrying about us."\par
"Yeah, I know. Are you headin' back?"\par
"Yeah. Want me to give you a ride?"\par
"Hell yeah. I need to get some sleep, or I'll have a hangover the size of my balls tomorrow morning."\par
They both guffawed heartily, much to the chargrin of the few pedestrians within earshot. They jumped in the car and, with one gigantic rev of the engine, sped off toward home.\par
\par
***********************************\par
\par
Home, of course, being the castle. It was lavish beyond all description, located right outside the city. Larry and Roy cut what should have been a thirty-minute drive down to ten as the elder of the two cut corners like a maniac and sped like he was placing in the Indy qualifyings. They passed several police cars on the way back to the Koopa compound, but none dared even turn on their lights, let alone give chase. They all knew.\par
And for every inch that Larry and Roy were given, they took a mile, and were never even called down. All of the Koopa kids did, though none took advantage of their bloodline as much as those two. It was difficult to say exactly where they had gone wrong; all of the children were bad seeds in one way or another. But no one could match the partying, substance abuse and living life on the edge that characterized every day of Larry and Roy's existence. Morton dealt with similar problems in alcohol, though his more meek and "loner" personality kept him from the bigger trouble, and the infamy that inevitably followed. Bowser, Iggy, Wendy, Ludwig and Lemmy were all witness to their siblings' grandoise sins almost constantly whenever they were around, but rarely did or said anything to remedy it. In the years that it had gradually worsened, they had grown to accept it as a part of their brothers' existence, and were afraid that if they confronted them on it, it would drive them away even further than they had already drifted. Their once-close-knit family had been dealt huge blows by the early loss of their mother, complicated by Bowser's and their own failure to subdue Mario's periodic but certain conquests, and only hurt further by the awkwardness of their entrance into adolescence, and the confusion and peer pressure that's interwoven into any teenage life, let alone influential royalty. To say that they were not as they were a decade prior would be a gross understataement... In all traditional definitions one could hardly call them a family anymore.\par
But they all held one thing in common... An intense dislike for Mario and all that followed him. Whether or not they were ever fully aware of it, he was a large part of their entropy; a huge piece of the puzzle surrounding their weak and deteriorating relationship. And they all knew that, come hell or high water, if he ever dared show his face on the stoop of the castle gates, they would all be there acting as one to bring him down and restore order. And perhaps then, they would find the common ground to once again feel like they belonged.\par
But unless and until that happened, they remained largely seperate, leading individual lives and only stopping in with one another on occasion, to exchange a few words or, in Larry and Roy's case, cause trouble.\par
The new moon was out tonight, and it was uncommonly dark when Roy pulled his car into the castle garage and swaggered in alongside Larry. As it was so late, no one was awake to notice them slink in and quietly go to their rooms to sleep away what little night remained.\par
\par
************************************\par
\par
"...F-f-fuck."\par
Larry awoke to the sound of his eldest brother, Ludwig, playing a passage from Rhapsody On A Theme Of Paganini. The Koopa kids' bedrooms shouldered up against the grand ballroom and the grand piano contained therein, so Ludwig's serenade was more than sufficient to wake Larry and make him aware of his crippling hangover. Not surprisingly, Larry had neither a knowledge of or appreciation for classical music, and on top of that, his peaked condition only made each note sound like it was being pounded into his brain. It was so overbearing, it took several moments for him to gather the strength to sit up and shout.\par
"STOP PLAYING THE MOTHER-FUCKIN' PIANO, FOR THE LOVE OF GOD!!!"\par
His own yelling wreaked havok on his headache. The pain was so intense that he couldn't even tell that Ludwig had immediately stopped, and was equally ignorant of his footsteps coming down the hall. He was just about to lean up and yell again for Ludwig to stop when his squinting eyes caught sight of the classical Koopa leaning into the threshold of his bedroom door.\par
"You asshole, you know I practice at dis time every day."\par
Larry's reply was delayed and uncharacteristically meek. "You don't practice until three in the fucking afternoon, and you know it."\par
"It EEZ three in ze fu- In ze afternoon."\par
Ludwig hated to curse, as did Wendy and Iggy. In the entire household, they were alone in sharing that.\par
Larry bolted up with a wincing scowl. The pain was unbearable, worse than any hangover he had ever had before.\par
"God damnit", he muttered, barely loud enough for Ludwig to hear. "I slept in without meanin' to and I STILL feel like fuckin' roadkill."\par
"You look like it, too." Ludwig's smart-assed reply would normally have made Larry try to punch him, but they both knew that Larry was in no condition to lash out at anyone. "Vat did you do zis time to kick your own ass?"\par
Larry sighed. "Two dime rocks, a blunt of high-grade herb, and a whole bottle of Everclear. And probably something else I can't fucking remember."\par
Ludwig rolled his eyes. "You're determined to kill yourself, aren't you? At least Roy paces himself."\par
Larry growled at him. Roy was pretty much his best friend, and he hated to hear his other siblings speak highly of him when he himself was on the rocks. It made him feel like they were trying to turn he and Roy against each other.\par
"Anyvay, as stupid and reckless as you may be, you're still my little brother, so I can at least go get you something to dull the pain, though I'm sure nothing vill take it avay completely."\par
Larry nodded weakly. "I could go for some headache medicine."\par
Ludwig immediately turned and went to retrieve the medicine. Ordinarily, amongst all of Larry's many pet peeves, his biggest was being called someone's "little" anything, but as soon as he knew Ludwig would willingly bring back medicine, he wisely chose to ignore the unintentional slam.\par
While Ludwig was gone, Larry took the opportunity to gather his head as best he could. He was still in the clothes he had worn yesterday, him having been so tired and inebriated on several things the night before he hadn't the strength nor the presence of mind to undress before he had lost consciousness. This actually worked in his favour, as he still had the pack of cigarettes and a straw from the drinks he had consumed en masse at the bar he was probably never allowed in again after his little "talk" with the barkeep. He always kept the straw from any joint he patronized, and it was for this very reason, one none of his siblings knew about, even Roy.\par
He concealed both items in an easy-to-reach pouch in his jacket just as he heard Ludwig rounding the corner a feet from his doorway. Moments later, his very forgiving and thoughtful brother held in front of him two tablets of Tylenol, which he took without so much as a 'thank you'. Ludwig wasn't surprised at all, and left without saying another word. He knew he had already done more for Larry than he deserved.\par
Once Ludwig was gone, Larry gradually forced himself to stand up, and shuffled over to the door, shutting and locking it, wincing as he heard the deadbolt turn within the jamb. He shuffled back to his bed, sat on the edge, and still clenching the pills in one hand, pulled out both the straw and the cigarette pack and laid them down beside himself. He then produced a lighter, and sat that down beside him as well. Then, he picked the cigarette pack back up, and using meticulous care as to not tear the tinfoil lining, gently removed it from the pack, and folded the edges up into a bowl. From there, he laid the Tylenol in the middle of the newly-made tin tray, picked up the lighter, ignited it and held it to the pills until they began to burn. As soon as he saw the smoke, he quickly set down the lighter, picked up the straw and sucked up the smoke with it. He did this repeatedly, until there was little left of the intended headache remedy but black and grey ashes.\par
His headache was gone, but only because he could no longer feel his head.\par
For any ordinary person, the last thing they would want to do when in the depths of depravity that inevitably follow a lengthy bender would be to immediately jump back onto abuse of anything. But here Larry was, getting through the pain the only way he knew how... By doing something to completely distract himself.\par
As he sat there, his head swimming with the unique high that can only come from smoking pills, his few cogniscent thoughts seemed to be spelled out to him, as if he were reading them rather than thinking them.\par
"I hit rock bottom a long time ago. And I'm keeping myself there because I enjoy it. I have no job, no car, and the few friends I have are being sent to prison for half their lives or more because of the same shit I'm doing. And my royal blood can't guarantee immunity from anything forever. Sooner or later, the people that know about my vices will find a way around Dad's benevolent, open mind, and I'll be in an eight-by-ten cell, too. And the judge will do his or her best to throw the book at me, because of who I am. I have no life when I'm doing this shit, and if I keep on doing it the little life I have left will be worthless, either rotting in a cell or rotting from the hundreds of diseases the cheap floozies I keep knocking up could have. I've never even gotten myself tested. I could have gonorrhea. Or syphillis. Or even, God forbid, HIV. And I just sit back and laugh it up with my brother and the few guys I know that are still living a free life like me."\par
These realizations held so much power at that moment that he threw himself back on the bed and did something he hadn't done in a long time... Cry.\par
He was powerless to do anything but heave with each sob. Everything he had considered was absolutely true, and nobody could convince him of it more than his own sense of logic. In so many ways, he may have already made a deadly mistake. Whether it be somebody that wasn't as lucky as he was ratting him out to police, or a drug lord that could come to get revenge for the many debts he owed for all manner of drugs, or a sexually-transmitted killer that could have silently crept into his body with the last big-breasted bimbo that exchanged one of his bills for his own cheap pleasure.\par
Right then and there, he made a decision. Assuming he still had a chance, he would never allow himself to risk his own self-destruction again. He would quit alcohol, weed, crack, pills, acid and coke cold turkey, and never so much as sink a one into a dancer's loose G-string again. He knew that he had no choice, and even if he did, to choose anything else would be signing his own death warrant. The last few years had been one nonstop, directionless party, and it was one that had to end. As his eyes dried and his mind cleared, he was only aware of an emotion that had all but died within him; thankfulness. The thankfulness to still be alive, to have another chance, to see what he needed so badly to change on his own, before someone or something made it painfully and tragically clear.\par
Ignring the pain now on his own, he sat up, took the foil, and threw it in the trashbasket. He once again stood, this time to \b un\b0 lock the door. And instead of lying back down, as he wanted to so badly, he opened the door and stepped out, with a newfound purpose. Before anything else, he knew what he must do.\par
He needed to apologize. To alot of people. About alot of things.\par
And he immediately set out to contact and amass the six closest to him, and prove to them that he wanted to turn over a new leaf, and bring them back together as a family once again.\par
\par
*******************************************\par
\par
Wendy was beautiful.\par
At least, that was the concensus among the men that frequented the Le Baron steakhouse in the artsy section of town. For several months, she had earned every dime of her own money waiting tables at this upscale restaurant. She didn't ever need a job at all, of course, considering her family's money; she only worked because she liked the experience and had some appreciation for the atmosphere that surrounds any classy bistro when the lunch crowd is in full swing.\par
It was undeniable that she had a talent for wooing money out of any male patron. Give her five sentences to say to a man, and she could have his whole wallet. This is how the bratty demeanor she had as a child had carried over into adulthood; it merely transformed into a knack for manipulation.\par
It's not that she ever tried to appear to be easy, or was loose, by any means; but she could flirt with you so much you would swear she had fallen in love with you between the salad and the entree. And she did it in such a way that you could never tell she was even the least bit insincere. It was this gift that made her the envy of every female co-worker around her.\par
Despite this one vice, she was perhaps the most on-the-ball of all of the Koopa children, a stark contrast to the troublemaker she had been in grade school. In many ways the polar opposite of Larry, Roy and Morton, she had never taken a drink or done any type of recreational drug, she rarely cursed, if ever, and she even chipped in a portion of her checks to children's charities. If she could be considered attractive on the outside (most of her fair appearance could be owed to the makeup and hairstyles she used, not a natural beauty), she was moreso on the inside, and every single man from saint to lush that ever had the good fortune to be one of her tables was only too eager to let her know.\par
And she wasn't blind to the affection she received, either. In the time she had been employed there, she had counted one hundred and twenty-eight wandering eyes, seventy-five requests for a date, and six marriage proposals. And one of the latter was from a married man whose wife was in the lavatory at the time.\par
But as much as she enjoyed the attention, she had no intention of taking any man up on his innuendo. Only recently she had dated a man that seemed at first to be genuine and affectionate,  only to find out he was interested in nothing besides her money. His neglectfulness and greed finally caused her to break it off with him after a few months, but only after the damage had already been done. He had broken her heart, and made it impossible for her to enjoy the company of a man, at least at this point in her life. Though he had not mistreated her to the point of making her hardened against affection, she hadn't gotten over how uncaring he had been, and so the propositions she received only flew over her head and back out into the night with each consumed meal, each paid check.\par
The bistro was in the footprint of a large office building, and just down the block from it was the nail salon where her best friend Haley, a middle-class Koopa a year older than her, gave manicures and pedicures. When Wendy was on break they would often meet in the waiting area at the front of the boutique and talk about all manner of things, until Wendy had to clock back in. Her friend was genuinely beautiful, with long sandy brown hair that had a pronounced natural curl, and petite features that contrasted her well-developed busom. Wendy was jealous of her natural good looks, but as she had so much more money and power, she never minded too much. Had only one of them one or both of these qualities, the one with neither would undoubtedly have resented the other, but both girls had a unique blessing, and it was this that brought and kept them together.\par
At the same time that Larry had been at home deciding to steer his life in a better direction, she had just come on shift. Of course, she knew none of what had occured when he had awakened, and wouldn't until she returned no earlier than five o'clock that night. For the next few hours, she was in her element, and she weaved between tables with such grace that one could observe her and be reminded of ice skating.\par
She had good focus on her job, but every now and then, as she carried a pitcher of water through sections of seating or flipped open her writing pad to jot down a long order, her thoughts would drift away, often to the things that troubled her.\par
"I wonder if I should go by the grocery store on the way back to the house tonight and pick up some chicken salad. I could really go for a sandwich with that and some ham, or maybe some pimento loaf. I think the last time I had one was when Morton and me stayed up all night watching that marathon of Trading Spaces. Yeah, it must be, because that was when he had brought out that six-pack of King Cobra and was being a bit too loud."\par
She chuckled. When she thought about things like that, she often laughed to keep from crying. Just like Larry and Roy, Morton was never around. After Bowser had bought him that canary yellow Mustang a year prior, he had been gone most of the time, usually hopping between friends' houses until in the last few months he had moved away and severed all social ties entirely. Before that, It had not been unusual for him to leave and not come back for a month or more, and when he did, he was still buzzed from whatever he had consumed in his prolonged absence. When he was sober, he was quiet and somewhat antisocial, but when he was drunk, while it brought out his voice, it oddly served to only make him more of a loner. He could drink a few beers and then shut himself off in his room the rest of the night, watching television or just lying on his bed doing nothing but staring up at the ceiling.\par
Wendy was perhaps closest to him of all of the Koopa kids, and so she was usually the one that was with him when he decided to just spend the rest of the night alone. She never took it personally, as she realized it was only the way he was when he drank, but it saddened her to see him leave her side when they were just hanging out and usually having a good time doing all sorts of things to pass the time. She missed him more than she missed any other sibling when he wasn't there, and she hated the fact that he hadn't take more opportunities to spend time with her, before moving out and oddly never speaking to her or any of his brothers since. She disliked the weakness of her family so much that she couldn't stand to see the one person that still seemed to spend time with her choosing instead to ignore her. But she took it in stride as much as possible, and most nights she avoided feeling very sorry for herself, instead opting to try to get in touch with Lemmy, her other favourite brother, when she got home. Tonight was no exception, and as she pondered his recent absence while refilling a glass of tea, she decided to call him later on his cell phone. She didn't doubt she would be able to reach him, as she usually did, and he wasn't usually hesitant to end phone conversations with her.\par
The shift passed quickly for some reason that night, and as she hung up her apron on the wall next to kitchen, practically jogged out the front door, got in her purple Trans Am and headed towards home, she flipped open her phone and dialed him, reaching him after only two rings. She talked to him all the way to the castle about the little things that had happened during the day to both of them, and it was only after she was home and the car was parked that they finally finished talking and hung up. By then she was in the front door, and ready to head upstairs to her room and relax, especially after the usual bullshit she had to take in her service-industry job.\par
\par
****************************************\par
\par
As structured as Wendy liked to keep her life, Iggy was only moreso. Like all of the Koopalings save for her, he held no steady employment, but spent most of his free time pursuing his own hobbies. And the greatest of these, not surprisingly, was the science lab that he had built from the ground up in the castle basement. He had spent over a year on it, buying every single beaker, tube and compound himself, and spending huge amounts of the family fortune, much to the displeasure of Bowser, although he said nothing. But after liberal amounts of time, money, blood, sweat and tears, he had finally completed it in the past few weeks, and to him, it was well worth it.\par
To descend down the narrow, rickety staircase that led from the main hall to the lab was like entering another world entirely. Iggy's pride and joy was no smaller in space than a high school gym, and every few feet for the entire length of the facility were room-wide tables packed full of glass beakers, test tubes, formulas and solutions. Even in the low light of the few incandescent bulbs hanging from the ceiling, the entire room seemed to shimmer, as the glass reflected and magnified all of the light as well as the colours of each flask's contents. It was sometimes so intense that it rivaled the prismatic effects of a laser light show, albeit not changing or in motion at all.\par
Though the sheer amount of chemicals and mixed elements was nothing short of staggering, Iggy knew exactly what and where everything was. He had no assistants, save for Lemmy, who might come downstairs from time to time when he was home. He only ever intended to talk with Iggy and visit for a while, but the spectacled science prodigy inevitably had him do at least one or two things to help out each time they were together. Lemmy never minded, as he was Iggy's twin brother, and he would do everything short of die for him; but even for him, there was something slightly unsettling about Iggy's blind devotion to his craft, above all else in the world, even eating and sleeping.\par
Iggy had no good friends. It's not that he was a total dork or was bad at talking to people; he was actually quite adept at relating to others. He just chose to spend his time in his own version of an impenetrable fortress, tinkering with formulas and sundries from dawn until the wee hours of the next morning, stopping only for a short time during the day to rest, eat, or whatever else was necessary for him to keep going. He had only had the lab finished and running for a short time, so most of his experiments were still in the testing stages, but the few he had managed to complete sat on the long shelves against one side of the room, most untouched since they were first set there. He enjoyed the methods it took to make them and seeing them to completion more than he ever would actually using most of them for any of their intended purposes... Though they all had an objective or use, to Iggy, it was somehow lost in translation from the bottles to the finished product.\par
And the compounds he toiled away at creating were never similar at all from one to the next; he might make a sweet, edible drink one day and a corrosive superacid strong enough to melt glass the next. He had never needed anyone to school him on the proper way to handle hazardous materials. He had never slipped up and spilled something, or foregone the proper safety produres in his rush to see something to completion... His talents for all facets of the craft were simply amazing.\par
The thing was, they were amazing only to him. No one besides his family ever knew of his whereabouts, let alone this huge underground haven of chemistry, and while they realized how complicated most of it was and appreciated his devotion, they seldom enjoyed to participate. Science was in Iggy's blood, and none of theirs.\par
But they never despised him for it, or even joked about it at all. He was blessed in that they understood how important it was to him, and respectfully allowed him the room they were sure he wanted. And every now and then, they knew he would have to emerge from the bowels of the castle to consume and rest. And when he did, he was always met by at least a few of them, and they enjoyed his company for the entire time he was awake and above his own little world, until he inevitably said good-bye, closed the creaky basement door and was unavailible once again.\par
Just a few days after he had put the final beaker in place, he had even invited the whole lot down to help him celebrate its completion, and all accepted. It literally took hours for him to show them around every nook and cranny of his space-age play room, a tour he was only too happy to give. For the most part, they only followed and listened to his descriptions of things they knew nothing about, occasionally stopping to gaze into a particularly odd-looking formula or marvel at the geometric complication within the tubes that connected glass to glass. Larry had even joked that if Iggy would rent him out some space down there, he would like to make meth and sell it for them to split the profits. Iggy laughed, but told him on no uncertain terms that wasn't happening. Bowser was also along on the tour, but stayed at the back and never seemed too happy or interested with anything. Though he would never say anything for fear of crushing Iggy's spirit, he had always expected his most technically gifted son to become a world-famous scientist and devise cures for all manner of terrible diseases, not while away his hours and talents with an innumerable number of side projects that never saw the light of day. But, he conceded that it was Iggy's choice to do what he wanted in life and not his own, so he left well enough alone, though after that day they seldom spoke, even during the short visits he had with Wendy, Larry, Roy, Ludwig, Morton and/or Lemmy.\par
And that's the way it was, day in and day out, from one project to the next in a seamless, almost graceful cycle that was without end or higher purpose. Iggy's pure white lab coats became his only wardrobe, and he was never seen without them, even when asleep. The two he owned were cycled out every day as Wendy took care of the family's laundry, and should he ever find the one on him becoming dirty, he could always count on her to have hung the other, clean one on the other side of the basement door at the foot of the stairs. He, like everyone else, recognized how much she did for all of them, and whenever they spoke he never failed to remind her of his appreciation for that and for never giving him a hard time for his reclusive nature. He realized how odd his hermit tendancies must be to her and his other siblings, but he also knew that he was so genuinely married to his work that it was impossible for him to change.\par
Iggy loved his life, his family and his craft, and nothing else, and was content with that much. His mind and love were incredibly complex, but his needs were simple. And though none of his brethren ever fully understood the world he lived in, they respected him, for being something they knew they could never be.\par
\par
*************************************\par
\par
Lemmy, on the other hand, was as different in demeanor from Iggy as he was similar in looks. Being twins, they had the same features, but Lemmy's lack of spectacles, along with his more contemporary style, made them appear so radically different they hardly seemed like twins, or even brothers.\par
Lemmy had long, straight hair that came down to his shoulders and often draped over the back of his threadbare Die Hard T-shirt, which was older than one of his friends. He was always in shorts, even during the dead of winter when everyone else was bundled up in several layers.\par
Lemmy was a skater, pure and simple. He had picked up his first board when he was six, and in the fifteen years since had honed his skills until he was nothing short of a pro. In fact, he was rarely seen off of his treasured four wheels, whether he was at home doing tricks and grinds off of ramps and rails he set up himself, or riding through the city streets with three or four buddies. Of all of the Koopa kids, you were most likely to see him no matter where you were. He had a knack for showing up in the most unexpected places, ollying whatever low objects were around, then simply riding off. He and the skating entourage he kept company with constantly would do everything from grind down escalator rails in the mall to 360 Indy Kickflip over the awning of a barner shop, talking and laughing the whole time as if they were the only people in the world.\par
But as random and sometimes illegal as their presence was, there were few who minded. They were street legends among the kids, and older people considered it good luck to see them pass by, for some reason or another. Anytime Lemmy or one of his friends performed some technical stunt, they were often met by cheers from high school kids, and even some adults who appreciated the dedication it took for them to get as good at riding as they had gotten. But Lemmy never acknowledged his admirers nor his critics, and only kept riding.\par
He was rarely seen without his buddies. His best friend, Todd, was built like a brick wall and half a head taller than Roy. He was always directly behind him, often following Lemmy's lead or sometimes doing the exact opposite thing to attract attention from onlookers. He had never smoked a single cigarette, but always carried a minibottle of some sort of liqueur, and if Lemmy ever stopped to rest, it was usually in front of the ABC store so Todd could go in and pick up another one. He always bought one at a time, and never consumed enough to even feel a buzz. It was anyone's guess why he even bothered to drink hard liqueur if he never drank enough to get plastered. Most speculated that he liked the taste of alcohol, or maybe that he really was drunk, but was such a good skater you could never tell.\par
Behind Todd was usually sixteen-year-old Bret, whom Lemmy affectionately called Little B. He was no more than five feet, three inches tall, but he could ride faster and jump higher than any of them. But the one thing he could not do was grind. He had never boardslid across anything, not a railing, not a ledge, not even for a fraction of a second. He could never bring himself to try, and neither Lemmy nor Todd ever urged him to. So, if they both slid down a stairway rail, he would jump the steps instead. And he had never fallen, or over or undershot the bottom.\par
Last in line was Walt. While the rest of them rode pretty much every single day, he was only with them on weekends. He was taller than Little B at five-feet six, but was four years younger than him and still in middle school. He never performed any tricks other than a manual, which he could hold almost indefinitely. It wasn't out of the question to see him up on two wheels the whole day, following behind his older friends and watching them do the more technical stunts. He didn't say much, but when he did, it was usually to tell them a joke or something that had happened during the week at school. They could appreciate his stories because it reminded them of their younger days, and what they had been doing at his age.\par
And that's the way they were always seen, anywhere and everywhere. Often, you could be walking through the park, or leaving a restaurant, and you would see them, Lemmy out in front, laughing at something Walt had said about some teacher or a female student, Todd behind him, ollying when and where he did, Little B swerving almost impossibly sharply so as not to fly right by them, and Walt up on his back wheels just following.\par
Lemmy had an unspoken girlfriend. She had appeared beside him one day when they had all rounded the corner of a building, on her own board and keeping up with them quite well, with her long brown ponytail blowing in the wind and sometimes hitting the back of the sparkly blue belly T-shirt above her low-rise jeans. They watched her as she weaved inbetween them, working her way up from the back of the pack until she was beside Lemmy. None of the five said said anything, and she stayed beside him for tens of blocks, neither she nor Lemmy looking at each other, until she veered off at an intersection.\par
After that, she appeared in the same way without warning at least once a day, and never said a word, nor did she and Lemmy exchange glances. It was anyone's guess whether or not in the three months that this had been occurring, they had actually even seen each other, despite the fact that when she rode with him she was no more than a foot away. Within the first two weeks, he had started referring to her as his "girlfriend", and when he would talk about her to the other guys or to his family, he would say he hoped to "see my girl today." It was the perhaps the most unorthodox relationship anyone had ever seen, if it could even be called such, and it was as much a legend in the streets as Lemmy and his crew themselves.\par
Lemmy's only worldly posessions were his clothes and his board. His first set of wheels was blank and nameless, and had lasted him ten of his fifteen years skating, and on his sixteenth birthday Bowser gave him the only gift he knew his son would appreciate... A navy blue Birdhouse and a can of spray paint to put whatever design he wanted on the bottom. Lemmy had given the can to each of the other Koopalings, then to his buddies, and they all sprayed on their initials. He said he wanted them to so he would always have part of them with him, wherever he went. And he silently vowed to one day have his unspoken love put her whole name on, provided he ever talked to her.\par
Like so many of his siblings, the skating prince was rarely at home, so little that it wouldn't surprise anyone he knew if he slept on his board going fifteen miles an hour. If he stopped in with Iggy, it was the only time he was without his friends, and it was never long before he was back out on the streets or on the course he had built behind the castle. Lemmy had even said that, when he died, he wanted to set up a ramp on the roof of the castle and jump down to the ground. That was the way he wanted to go out, and nobody could convince him otherwise. And Todd, Little B and Walt had all said that if he did, they would be right behind him, though none of them really intended to go through with it.\par
So, though the twins were radically different in so many ways, they shared one characteristic, and that was that their passions were few, simple and constantly being fulfilled.\par
\par
*****************************************\par
\par
Sophistication was Ludwig's middle name, and the hallmark of the eldest Koopaling.\par
All through childhood and into adulthood, he was hailed as a genius in studies and a child prodigy on the piano. And his love for both had never faded after the praise had stopped when it started to become expected of him by others, and when he grew too old to get compliments from everyone automatically. The praise for his talents had never gone to his head so much that he believed himself better than everyone else, but it did help to instill a generous portion of self-confidence, just enough to be annoying to some but refreshing to others, depending on how they interpreted it. And Ludwig never went a day without his piano; he loved it like it was his own spawn, and it became the outlet for the majority of his creativity and spirit, an avenue from which he could paint all manner of pictures and convey every imaginable emotion, with just a few strokes of the ivory keys. Through the years, he had grown to accept it as an extension of himself, a part of him that held his innermost thoughts and desires, and he often felt it was the only thing capable of expressing these thoughts to a world only too eager to listen to its commanding fluorishes and soothing serenades, made possible by the skill and steady hand that had blossomed like a babied flower under the rigorous regimens of practice he disciplined himself to not only engage in, but thoroughly enjoy as well. Perhaps it was in the family's blood to tend to have one or two great loves in life... Whether it was or not, he wasn't an exception.\par
Ludwig was the only Koopaling that had yet attained any post-high school education, Bowser having sent him to Barenstone, a 4-year school for the academically and musically gifted, which he graduated from with honours a year prior no more than a month from his twenty-third birthday. And not surprisingly, given his age, he was the first of Bowser's children to wed.\par
His wife of two years, Esmerelda, was far less of a witch than her name would lead anyone to believe. She was, in fact, a beautiful and loving woman, and was admired by all of the Koopa clan. She was the daughter of the most wealthy family in Grand Koopa City (Her father owned an oil company on the prestigious South side of town), and she was rarely seen without a lavish, flowing dress and copious amounts of fine jewelry on her hands, ears and neck. Seeing as how both she and Ludwig were well-to-do, many commoners thought it to be an arranged marriage, borne of the pride of two upstanding bloodlines; however, it was their decision alone to wed, not their parents' or any piece of paper's. They had met, fallen in love and become engaged while both attended Barenstone. Often, after school was concluded for the day, Ludwig would get permission from the headmaster to remain there for a few hours to practice, and he and Esmerelda would while away the hours in the classroom where Ludwig studied and advanced his skill in piano. He would play something striking and classic like Prelude in C or Intermezzo, while her operatically trained voice would accompany it with the majestic stacatto and intense emotion that characterized her style. Should they be there immediately following class hours and no later, those that still remained within earshot were treated to the grand and beautiful duet of their undeniable talents, and they were often approached afterwards by those that had no problem with telling them that they were too talented to still be there and not out at Carnegie Hall. Hearing any praise, Ludwig would thank whomever may be complimenting them, and Esmerelda, having been brought up to be very humble and ladylike, would only smile and turn away bashfully.\par
It had been only a season's lapse from their coinciding graduation dates when they had gone to the altar and been forever joined in marital bliss, and Bowser, immensely pleased at the wife his eldest son had attained, expected to immediately be blessed with the pitter-patter of little footsteps around the castle.\par
But it was not to be. Esmerelda was a wonderful and caring wife to Ludwig, but she had one failing that was impossible to remedy.\par
She was barren. \par
Despite her being perfect in almost every other way, she was incapable of carrying Ludwig's children. Ludwig, being a kind and understanding issue, never felt contempt for her because of it or believed her to have failed him in any way. He knew it could not be helped, and only comforted her as her eyes misted whenever they might be out and see a baby carriage, or walk by a stuffed bear in a luxury department store. She was far more hurt by her limitation than he could ever be; it was almost as if she carried the pride of both of them, and was doubly crushed by the curse she knew she must've inherited from her mother. She had been the only one of eight births that had survived more than a few hours after delivery, and she was sure that this is how her mother's tragic difficulties in childbirth had manifested itself in her own generation. But, she often thought to herself, at least my mother had carried so many times, and finally had me. I will never even reach that point, no matter how long I may live.\par
Despite often hating her one flaw, most other times she took it in stride, and realized it for what it was, no more than a chance anatomical anomaly that probably saved her unbelievable pain she knew nothing about. And, as she slowly grew to accept it, she and Ludwig were blessed by the love they both shared for each other, and the wonderful feeling that came with just being together. And she knew, if the time ever came that he grew discontent with having no one to carry on his name, they could adopt. She was sure he would not be a father so prideful that he would refuse to raise someone else's child, like so many men that she knew she could've fallen in love with instead, had the fates not been kind to her, at least in love, if not childbearing.\par
But still, they had always been content so far, and if Ludwig had ever felt the need to raise a child, he hadn't spoken of it yet. Bowser, having grown quite fond of his daughter-in-law (in an exclusively plutonic way), had given her and Ludwig the fabulous, unoccupied guest bedroom in the tallest tower of the castle, to be their own lavish home within a home. It was so richly furnished and exclusive that none besides Bowser or his children had ever even laid eyes upon the wonders it contained, everything from a posh marble fountain to a bed with sheets made of the finest Mongolian silk, so expensive that to obtain it Bowser had spent enough to buy a mansion in Grand Koopa City as palatial as Esmerelda's family owned, and perhaps more. Ludwig and Esmerelda's life was often said to be the finest and most happy in all of the kingdom, mostly from townsfolk that only thought so because of their own jealousy for any life of priveledge.\par
And against all odds, the fabulous life they indeed shared never eroded their respectively humble natures, or the thankfulness that was uncommon for any royalty. Instead of needlessly hoarding their blessings or feeling contempt for those that were below them in class, at their request the grand ballroom in the lower part of the castle was often filled with guests of all means and social classes, not excluding the poor and destitute, many of whom would never have so much as seen a single brick in the castle's outer walls were it not for Ludwig's coaxing his father to allow them entrance and high times among the castle's most well-to-do. Ludwig often felt sorry for those that hadn't had the blessings that he always had, and thus was the motivation behind his tendancies to mingle with them as well as his own peers. Bowser would never have allowed such people to grace his abode had it not been for Ludwig's own accomplishments and the pride it instilled in his father's stoic and often cold heart.\par
But as much as Esmerelda loved her husband and the way he never looked down on or excluded anyone when social gatherings took place, she never had felt comfortable around his brothers and sister.\par
It's not that she felt that their awkward and sometimes odd behaviour was unsettling, or that they had ever shown any contempt or dislike for her in word or action... But being around them somehow only served to remind her of her inability to carry, and whether or not any of them had ever held disdain for her because of it, she always felt that they did. They must, she thought. It must bother them to know that their eldest and most gifted brother will never have the chance to pass on his talents to a son or daughter.\par
And it was because of these errant doubts and self-convincings that she seldom was seen away from their lavish chambers atop the castle, whenever any of Ludwig's younger siblings were to be found there. And Ludwig, perhaps knowing why she chose to avoid his own flesh and blood, never pressed the issue. He loved and respected her far too much to make her face something or someone she had no desire to.\par
And so, though he was often within the castle's walls, if he was sharing his time with Wendy, Lemmy or whomever else might be home at the time and not within the room Bowser had gifted unto him and his lovely bride, he was always without her.\par
\par
*****************************************\par
\par
The only word that could be used to accurately describe Morton would be loner.\par
Since he had moved out of the castle, he never kept company of any kind, for any amount of time, no matter what he might be doing. He detested socializing of any kind, and was alays quick to avoid talking to anyone if he could get out of it.\par
Iggy's tendancies to forego friendships were totally involuntary, and only due to the fact that his hobby never included others, save for his own family. Morton was different.\par
He made a conscious decision to avoid anyone and everyone that crossed his path, with one exception.\par
Even the job he had was tailored to his quirk. He sorted and filed papers for an insurance company, where he worked with nothing more than pages and print all day. When he clocked out every evening, he went straight back to his one-bedroom flat on the Upper East side of Grand Koopa City, never stopping to linger anywhere he didn't absolutely need to be.\par
He was the only Koopaling that no longer lived at home. He had moved out four months prior, befuddling Bowser by choosing to give up his share of the family fortune and live in poverty. He didn't make much from his work; the checks he brought home barely made utilities, food, alcohol and his half of a two-way split rent. He didn't even have basic cable, and he took the bus to work every day in place of buying a car.\par
None of his family had seen him in the months since he had left. It's not that they didn't want to, or didn't know where he was... He had given them express instructions not to come see him, and when they had asked why, he only said he was always busy and didn't have the time to visit with them. And they couldn't call him, because he didn't own a phone.\par
It was he and he alone that knew why he chose to live out his life without them, and it was all due to the fact that there was one person that he didn't avoid.\par
When Morton was born, he was a difficult birth. Bowser's late wife had been in labour with him for thirty-nine hours when the doctors finally pulled him from the birth canal, and his mother was so tired and spent from her difficult delivery that she immediately fell unconscious. Thus, it was Bowser himself who in the delivery room first spotted Morton's unusual birthmark, the star over his right eye, and took it to be such a good omen for the rest of his new life that he gave the child the highest honour he could think of: naming him after his grandfather and Bowser's father, Morton Koopa senior.\par
But with Bowser's favour came great expectations that Morton often found difficult to meet. Bowser wanted him to be the smartest student in school, the strongest and fastest athlete on the gym team, the most talented musician of those of his kids that had any musical ability, and so on and so on. Morton, despite his being very good at all of these things, occasionally slipped up in one or the other, but when he did, Bowser was never understanding. He needlessly and cruelly berated Morton for his failings, even when his overall performance wasn't bad at all, just not the best among his peers. The friends he had and used to be close to all through early school life began to drift away as Morton was forced to spend all of his spare time studying and working out just to ensure that he could outpace his competition enough to keep his father off of his back. And this continued well through adolescence, as Morton, despite his being next to youngest of the Koopa kids and much to his chargrin, was also unbenevolently informed that he was expected to bring home a girl before any of his brothers, to carry on the family name.\par
But of all of the things expected of him from his father, this was the only one he knew he could not do.\par
Three years prior, shortly after his seventeenth birthday, he had begun to take a particular interest in a rather well-built classmate by the name of Tom. Even though his age was no more than Morton's he was already six feet in height and it was rumoured could benchpress well over a thousand pounds. Tom sat directly in front of Morton in first-period English, and though he didn't yet know why he often found himself staring at the intimidating koopa's well-developed biceps instead of concentrating on his own schoolwork. This, of course, made his grades suffer, which was the source of considerably more anger from Bowser, and they only suffered more when Morton found out the location of the gym where Tom worked out, and began spending most of his free time there whenever he knew Tom was going to be toning up, instead of at home doing homework.\par
One day, when they were both using weight machines across from each other, Morton finally got up the nerve to stop, approach him and introduce himself. His greetings were met with a smile, and they soon got to talking, something Morton had been missing dearly since his social life had begun to go downhill seemingly so long ago. One subject led to another, and in the span of about an hour Morton found out alot about Tom, and about himself. And after they exhausted all of the subject matter they cared to discuss, Morton led Tom to a stall in the far corner of the gym's restroom and allowed the muscular Koopa to take his innocence.\par
And thus began a whirlwind romance behind the backs of Bowser and all of the rest of the family. Morton's grades rarely climbed above D or D-, as he spent every evening at his new boyfriend's apartment on the Upper East side, where they usually talked, ate dinner and then did all manner of things he knew his father would never understand nor accept. To Morton, these evenings were his whole day, and the rest was only so much black-and-white fuzz, a necessary bane that he could not face his father without.\par
But despite his newfound happiness with Tom, Bowser's stern, unfeeling criticism took its toll with every curse and empty ultimatum. Morton held out only until he could graduate high school, then immediately found a steady job, packed up all of his possesions and left with nothing more than a muttered, unfeeling "good-bye".\par
He moved in with Tom, whose job was no longer adequate to support the rising cost of living without someone else's income, and ever since had lived with the only one he felt understood and accepted him for who he was.\par
It was a match made in heaven. Tom was waiting for him after his bus pulled up at the apartment building every day without fail, and after a strong and heartfelt embrace they walked up the steps together and spent hours sipping wine and lying in each other's arms, sometimes talking about how many stacks of files Morton had organized that day, or how much of a house Tom had built on his framing crew. Often, though, they said nothing, only silently enjoying each other's company and the relaxing effect of the wine at the end of a stressful day. Though Tom made a good amount as skilled labour, they lived simply, saving up money for the day when they would finally be able to afford a nice house out in the country somewhere, a place they would no longer be bothered by anyone. Their decision for social exclusion was mutual, and driven by both their hatred for their unaccepting families and the knowledge that no one else would likely ever understand, either.\par
Larry probably missed Morton most of all. They similarly held contempt for the way the rest of the family treated them and chided their respective vices, and thus were very close before Morton had moved away and severed all ties. They used to spend hours after the sun set downing beers and shots and playing fighting games, and it seemed to Larry that Morton understood that he was not like their Dad, or the rest of them that would criticize whatever Bowser didn't, especially his alcohol problem. So when Morton left abruptly and without explanation, Larry felt betrayed, like he had somehow been grouped in with the rest of them. It was something he hadn't gotten over yet, and was a big part of his hitting rock bottom shortly after with substance abuse and staying out at all hours of the night. He didn't suspect Morton of being gay, otherwise, he might've put two and two together and decided it was better for Morton to have his own life. He only stewed over his older brother's absence and felt heartache at the same time, the emotions usually mixed with and dulled by all manner of unnatural drugs. And through it all, he patiently waited for Morton to come back, a hope he only held stronger with his now-decision to clean up. And more than any of the other siblings he was determined to reunite, he felt the need to contact Morton, and restore their unspoken alliance once again.\par
He knew that, of all people Morton would be the first to ever accept his apology and welcome him and hopefully everyone else back into his family.\par
But even though Morton missed him just as much, and would most likely return to the castle only for him, it was anyone's guess as to whether or not he could ever forgive his father for the relentless brow-beating he had endured for years, or his siblings for not doing anything to stop it, and even joining in from time to time.\par
It was lucky that Larry knew where Morton lived; everyone else could be contacted easily, but Larry, at this point still in his room and just about to leave, knew he had to go get him in person. And it was probably better this way, he thought, as he stepped out, pulled out his phone and first called Lemmy, then Roy, then Ludwig, knowing Wendy and Iggy would be home that night regardless. The black Harley-Davidson he rarely pulled out of the garage was running smoothly as he talked to all three of them, only telling them what he knew would get them all home and together that night. He would save revealing the actual reason why for when they were all together. \par
His conversation with Ludwig had just ended when he pulled up beside the door to Morton and Tom's apartment. As it was close to four in the afternoon, Morton had just gotten home, so to Larry's benefit he was still completely sober when his footsteps resounded, immediately preceeding his opening the door to a face he hadn't seen in a long time. It was only because it was Larry and no one else that he didn't immediately close it again, but only looked at his youngest brother with confusion as he spoke.\par
"What are you doing here?", he said, his voice showing mild but unmistakeable frustration. "I told you when I moved away that I wasn't coming back."\par
Larry smiled, in a way that he hadn't in a long time. "There's nothing that says I can't visit you."\par
"Except me", Morton answered flatly, and was just about to shut the door when Larry interjected.\par
"-Wait, wait, there's something I need to tell you." He was beginning to sweat; Morton obviously didn't want to talk to him, and he had to think of something to get Morton home without reveling why. "It's... Uh... I mean, I... Ummm..."\par
"Okay, that's very interesting, but I have to go now. Bye."\par
"WAIT! It's... DAD!! Yeah, it's Dad! He says he's sorry about the way he rode your ass all through your childhood, and he wants to apologize and for you to come back."\par
Though Morton didn't exactly appreciate Larry's choice of words, he said nothing about it as he laened against the door frame. This was a good sign, Larry thought. It proves he's not going to shut it on me.\par
"So, Dad finally admitted he's wrong.", Morton said, sounding relieved.\par
"Absolutely", Larry lied, feeling terrible about it. "He said he'll never put you through that shit again, as long as he lives."\par
Morton shook his head. "Hopefully, he won't live that much longer."\par
Larry's countenance fell, anticipating Morton to deny his request. But against all odds, the closeted Koopaling smiled, and replied with seemingly newfound vigor. "Alright, he talked you into talking me into it. Let me get a few of my things and say some goodbyes, and I'll be ready." Morton didn't intend to return permanently by any means, but only to stay for a few hours, just enough time to catch up with everyone. His place was with Tom now, and he knew it.\par
Larry's eyebrow raised with Morton's words. "I thought you lived alone. Who do you need to say goodbye to?"\par
Morton's smile faded; he knew he had said too much. "Uh, just some people from work."\par
"Yeah, right", Larry replied, not as easy to fool as Morton. "Well, I don't care who's here with you right now, just say your goodbyes and come on. Everybody should be- I mean, IS waiting for us."\par
Morton nodded, and gently slinked back inside the door. Larry heard unplaceable muffled voices and what sounded like a kiss before Morton returned to the door, a change of clothes in hand, and shut it behind him. Larry decided not to ask him about who it was; that, he would save for later, if all went well.\par
Larry hopped on the Harley, Morton (being unaccustomed to riding motorcycles of any kind) awkwardly positioned himself behind him, and they sped off towards home, with Morton's head full of lies and Larry's full of silent prayers that all hell wouldn't break loose when the truth was revealed.\par
\par
*****************************************\par
\par
Meanwhile, back at the castle, Wendy had just returned home from her shift. As she climbed the grand staircase and rounded the corner to the hallway that led to all of the siblings' bedrooms, she was surprised to Larry standing next to her door, and in perfectly decent street clothes, at that. Moreover, as she observed his mannerisms for a few seconds, it became apparent that he was completely sober. She didn't speak to him until she had slowly walked up and past him into her bedroom and set down her purse on the vanity across from her bed. It wasn't that she didn't have a million questions to ask him; but Larry was known to be unpredictable, and once he had even pulled a knife on her to try to extort money for drugs, so she was understandably cautious. Once she saw that he was up to nothing, though, she didn't hesitate to start talking.\par
"What are you doing outside my door?", she asked as she casually strolled up to him with her hands on her hips. "Looking for something to steal?"\par
"No, sis." His eyes were clear and somewhat apologetic as he replied. "I was waiting for you. We need to talk."\par
She crossed her arms. "Yeah, we do, now that you look like you're not out of your mind on some sort of chemical."\par
He nodded weakly and looked down at the floor, clearly feeling shame. "Come on. Everyone else is here and waiting for us in the foyer."\par
She raised her eyebrow. "Everyone meaning who? And why are they waiting on us?"\par
"Roy, Morton, Iggy, Lemmy and Ludwig. I told them to meet us there because I have something important to tell you and them. And it's something I'd rather you all hear at once."\par
\par
Begrudgingly, Wendy allowed Larry to lead her into the inner foyer of the castle, perhaps the simplest room with the palatial residence's four walls. It housed only a few simple couches and light fixtures, and was only made for rest and silence, a haven for anyone within the stately domain that could appreciate solace and the absence of distractions. Larry felt it was the perfect place to let the cat out of the bag; should there be a fallout of any kind, it would, at least for the time being, be contained, and not immediately spread by word of mouth throughout the castle and ultimately the kingdom.\par
All of the other five Koopalings had taken seats, the two couches almost devoid of any more room. Iggy and Lemmy sat beside each other and Roy on one, talking between themselves freely as if they belonged there, though neither ever took advantage of their present location, or most other places within the castle for that matter. Perhaps more surprising than their being in that room and not occupied with their respective hobbies was Lemmy's being there alone. None of his entourage had entered the castle with him after he had been called and asked to come by Larry, and at that moment they were in the backyard taking advantage of the concrete ramps and iron rails that were abundant in the course Lemmy had seen built by the best construction crews in Bowser's jurisdiction. Though the twins were smiling and talking freely, Roy was not. He wasn't too fond of being forced to sit with them and not Morton (whom he felt he had more in common with), and remained silent throughout their conversation, only leaning his head back on the soft collar of his jacket and staring up at the ceiling as if in a trance. He basically was, though, as none of the other Koopalings were unaware of the strong scent of weed that emanated from his general area. None minded, though; Roy had been smoking for far longer than Larry had been doing anything, so they were used to that smell, and understood that among all of the things Roy and Larry did, it was perhaps the most benign.\par
On the other couch, Ludwig and Morton sat, both silent. Ludwig was busy planning a garden ball for the next week at the request of Esmerelda, who felt that their extravagant gatherings would benefit from being outdoors for a change, as the weather had been fair for many days on end, and was not expected to turn sour anytime soon. Morton had no motivation besides secrecy for his lack of vocalizing, save perhaps for his missing Tom, who had, of course, stayed behind at the apartment, knowing how unwelcome his presence would be at Morton's past home, especially if the truth were ever revealed.\par
It was clear that they did not all see eye to eye, though that was due to many things other than just their differences. It was this that Larry knew to be true and was counting on, as he was also aware that whatever reaction they had to his getting back on the straight and narrow, whether it be happiness, skepticism or perhaps something entirely different, would most likely be in unison. And having them all agree on something would be the first step in bringing them back together as a family, which he so desperately wanted, especially since he was already feeling something he hadn't counted on: The horrible pangs of someone addicted to many substances, each one invariably tearing at his mind and body until they got another fix, and were quieted once more. It was hell facing withdrawal, and Larry knew that getting through it would require support that was near-impossible if his family remained seperated.\par
Neither their positions nor actions had changed as the jamb of the small door at one end of the otherwise closed-off room clicked and the door itself swung slowly open. All eyes were on Larry as soon as he appeared behind it, as it was obvious to all of them that he was not presently high on anything. They hadn't seen him that way in quite a while, and their mouths were all silent as they marveled at this fact.\par
"My brothers", Larry begun, almost unable to look at them because of the intense shame he felt, "You no doubt are aware that I called you all for a reason, though none of you know what it is yet." Wendy, who had been behind him and unseen by the rest, now stepped out into view, and seeing her there along with everyone else let them know how important this must be. "Well, I'm sure by now you've noticed something about me, and I'll let one of you tell me what it is before I continue."\par
Roy was the one who piped up. "You're not drunk or high at all." His voice, unlike any of the others, sounded disappointed. He knew that he and Larry were essentially of the same mind, and to see Larry possibly changed was disconcerting for many reasons.\par
Larry meekly smiled. "I can tell you're not happy about it, Roy, but yes, you're exactly right. Something happened in that room today that let me know just how far I'd slipped, and that I needed to come clean. But," he continued as he stepped into the room and allowed his gaze to pass over every one of their faces, "It reminded me of something else. Something I know we're all familiar with, but probably never think about anymore."\par
Wendy was the only one that had already caught on to what he was about to say, and her eyes welled up with tears. She now knew she was not the only one that felt as she did.\par
"Remember,", Larry said as he himself began to get choked up, "the glory days? Years ago, when we were still a family, and we spent all sorts of time together doing whatever came to our minds and loving every minute of it, just because, even with us being kids, we knew that we were all in it together? That we were there for each other, that we could face Mario, or whomever or whatever else, because we were there for each other?"\par
Everyone, though transfixed, remained silent, so he continued, his voice breaking up more and more as the power of the emotion swept over him in waves.\par
"Roy," he continued, almost in tears, "Remember when you and Lemmy stayed up all night eating Krunchers and watching movies you both knew you were much too young for?"\par
Roy thought a moment, and laughed slightly. "Yeah, I do! That night, I remember we watched \i A Clockwork Orange, The Shining \i0 and \i Fear And Loathing In Las Vegas\i0 . Yeah man, I had a blast that night." As he finished his last sentence, he glanced over at Lemmy, who nodded in agreement.\par
"And remember, Iggy" Larry continued, "When we got into Dad's cologne stash and poured it over ourselves, and smelled like the perfume section in a department store so strongly that we were ejected from school for a week because some of our classmates were vomiting?"\par
Iggy laughed heartily. He hadn't forgotten at all, and he obviously still thought of it fondly.\par
"And Morton", Larry went on, almost losing his composure completely, "Man, you gotta give it up for the way we used to play so much Tekken and Street Fighter together that we ended up burning up the disks we used them so much."\par
Morton grinned and nodded. It was the first he had smiled since he had been back at the castle.\par
"And of course I can't forget you, Ludwig.", he continued. "Remember in third grade, when that little girl fell in love with you and chased you screaming through the hallways for three days straight before she was given a stern talking to by Principal Jones?"\par
Ludwig chuckled uncontrollably. He remembered how funny it wasn't when it had happened, but it sure was now.\par
"Well", Larry choked, "I miss those days, and I know I'm not the only one that thinks so. And nothing would make me happier than to see us back together again. I'm not saying give up your hobbies, Lemmy and Iggy, or for Wendy to quit her job, or for Morton to give up living by himself if he wants to do so, but it's not right for us to stay apart like this. We've never been good on our own."\par
"We've never been good together, either", Roy quipped. "Half of the best memories we have are when we got into humoungous trouble, or did something that \b should've\b0  got us in humongous trouble, anyway."\par
"But," Larry replied, "It was almost always more than one of us that was responsible, and we had a damn good time doing it. I mean, when Wendy raided the arsenal and took more explosives than a fireworks factory makes in a year, I was the one that distracted the guards for her while she sneaked in over and over to steal the shit, was I not?" He looked over at Wendy, who was bawling but nodded enthusiastically.\par
"Now, I'm not telling any of you what to do", Larry continued, "But I know none of us want to throw all of that away just because we've grown up. Because now that we ARE adults, who's to say that we can't have more fun that we ever did before? It wouldn't take sacrificing anything on any of our parts for us to just spend some time together, even a little bit, every once in a while. And if you don't want that, that's fine. But before you decide whether you agree or disagree, consider this." He paused and took a deep breath before continuing. "I'm already feeling the pangs from the addictions I have to heroin, crack and God knows what else. And unless at least a few of you are there for me, I don't know how long I'm going to be able to last. And I don't want it to destroy me. Two, three, five, ten years down the road, I want to be there for all of you. I've never wanted anything more in my life. So, I'm going to stop talking now, because I want to hear what you have to say, and because I'm too close to losing my god damned composure to continue."\par
Both he and Wendy were emotionally wrecked, and Morton was beginning to choke up too. Though Larry didn't think nor care about it at that moment, Morton along with everyone else realized that his youngest brother's words had cut them all deeply in reminding them of how long they had neglected each other, and he wasn't about to ask about why Bowser's supposedly forgiving him hadn't been brought up at all. Though no words were spoken for what seemed like hours, almost as if on cue, all of the siblings, in turn, got up from the couches and hugged Larry and each other, some of them crying for the first time in years. No unwritten laws of society or manhood were important or thought of right now... Their only concern was to be there for Larry, and for each other, now that both his words and bleak situation had opened their eyes to what they had long forgotten was truly important... Their family.\par
After all had been embraced and reminded of how they were all appreciated, Larry wiped his eyes, and despite himself, laughed a little through the lingering mist. "The Koopa clan is back together again!", he almost shouted, filled with joy that overpowered the withdrawal that was wracking his body. Even if Roy and Morton, in their newfound reunion with him and the others, didn't decide to join him and throw away their own addictions, it would not bring him down. He could only feel joy that their eyes, like everyone else's, had been opened.\par
After that, Larry and Wendy squeezed into the little amount of room that was left on the couches, and for the first time in years, the Koopa clan talked... About what had happened to them all, about what they'd felt over the long span of time, how they were growing up, their loves and hates, desires and disgusts, just anything they could think of. In fact, by the time they realized how late it was, five hours had passed.\par
It was Morton who begrudgingly first mentioned that he couldn't stay forever. He had to get back to his apartment and get some sleep for tomorrow's work. But before he left, he made a promise to be back tomorrow, and spend however much time he could just being with his brethren, having fun and doing whatever catching up had not already been accomplished that night. And they all knew it was a promise that he would keep. So, one by one, they agreed to the same thing, and though Morton and Ludwig were obligated to leave, Iggy, Lemmy, Roy, Wendy and Larry stayed together most of the night, spending it talking, watching old movies they all used to like, and just enjoying the sense of family that had long been absent with all of them.\par
But eventually, the lights had to be turned out, and so one by one, they said their goodnights and headed into their respective rooms.\par
Larry was the last to leave, and it was somewhere around five in the morning when he closed his bedroom door, turned down the covers on the bed and readied himself to try to sleep.\par
His face was pale, there were heavy bags under his eyes and his whole body began to shake as he pulled the still-cold blanket over his neck. He knew it to be the heroin that was doing it to him, the last lingering pieces of the horrible drug determined to bring him down for neglecting to supply it with more, and his nerves somehow seemed to scream, undoubtedly at him for what he was putting them and their dependency through. If he could even sleep the rest of the night, it would be a miracle.\par
There was no denying that the next few weeks would be the hardest of his life; but somehow, in the grand scheme of things, it felt unimportant to him. He now had the people to support him and help him see every day through to the end of his temporary suffering, and the pain was a small price to pay for what it had helped to bring together again.\par
And as he gradually grew drowsy and stopped caring about the shaking and the pain, his last conscious thoughts before he entered the world of dreams were his thankfulness that he had a family once again.\par
\par
To be continued...\par
}
  mfb2\9001